   #[1]» Feed [2]» Comments Feed [3]» Every Entrepreneur That Blogs
   Regrets Not Doing This Sooner Comments Feed [4]3 Reasons Blog
   Commenting Is Still Important Today [5]How To Get Your Audience To Buy
   From You [6]alternate [7]alternate

     * [8]Home
     * [9]Blog
     * [10]Start Here
     * [11]About Me
     * [12]Hire Me
     * [13]Contact Me

   Select Page
   ____________________

Every Entrepreneur That Blogs Regrets Not Doing This Sooner

   by [14]Adrienne Smith | Feb 8, 2016 | [15]98 comments

   Entrepreneur Blogs Regret Not Doing As the years progress and time goes
   by, how many things have you seen drastically change since you started
   blogging?

   Most know my history already, that I started doing affiliate marketing
   and like most people taught back around 2008, it was ALL about
   backlinks and keywords.

   Why?

   Because it just worked that’s why.

   It worked because people were online searching for something and the
   more backlinks you had pointing to your blog and the more keywords you
   had stuffed in your content the easier you were found in the search
   engines.

   Of course it was all about selling products and people were much more
   open to buying.

   Then the black hat marketers got involved and wanted to make the quick
   buck.  They wanted to outdo everyone else and make sure their content
   was found much quicker and they didn’t want to take the time to build
   things up.

   So Google got smart, changed the algorithms once again and those days
   of easily being found were gone.

   Want to know what else is gone?

   Numbers….

Change Is Inevitable

   Oftentimes I’ll receive an email from someone who is panicked and
   desperate.

   It breaks my heart actually because I know how they feel.

   We come online, we follow certain people, we’re taught certain things
   and they guarantee us that it will work.

   Well not every single thing works for every single person.  I think
   that’s the case only because we’re all different and unique in our own
   ways.

   That doesn’t necessarily mean that what they teach doesn’t work, it
   just might not work for you.  But there are those people unfortunately
   that are still teaching things that haven’t worked in YEARS…

   Beth is a budding entrepreneur who was upset because she was still
   being taught that she had to drive tons of traffic to her blog.  Okay
   well we do need traffic because without eyeballs on our content then
   there will be no people to take that next step right!

   Unfortunately for Beth, she was still being taught to just drive
   traffic to her blog without concentrating on targeted traffic.  She was
   still being taught that it was all about the numbers.

   It’s not about the numbers anymore, it’s not about just anyone seeing
   your content, it’s about only driving targeted traffic to your blog.
   Those people who are interested in what it is that you’re offering.

   Granted there are so many other things that have to be in place as well
   [16]like your message and your content but what I want to bring to your
   attention in this post is that the way things are progressing is that
   it’s more about what you do with those people once they are on your
   blog.
   [17]Don't be afraid of change. It's leading you to a new
   beginning.Click To Tweet

Unique Visitors and Page Views

   Do you remember the days when what mattered the most was your Page
   Rank, how many unique visitors you had coming to your blog and how many
   page views you were getting?

   How about your Alexa Rank?  If it was really low then people just
   assumed that you were very successful.  Possibly someone extremely
   important.

   Did having great numbers in all of those area mean instant success?

   Absolutely not!

   Just Numbers

   It’s probably been a good four years since I had a PR4 blog and it’s
   been two years since my Alexa Rank was around 24,000.

   To someone who doesn’t know any better they would have instantly
   thought I was successful.

   Guess what!

   I wasn’t, not back then…

   I’ve had a PR2 for about three years now and since I only post once a
   week my Alexa Rank keeps climbing.  The funny thing though is that I’m
   more successful now then I was back then.

   Want to know why?

   It’s the engagement that matters the most, not the amount of traffic
   that you get.

   I know what you’re thinking though. I’ve always had a lot of engagement
   here on my blog.

   My issue was what I did with that engagement.  I didn’t quite have
   everything together several years ago but I finally fell into what I
   enjoyed doing the most and it’s just expanded from there.

   That’s the issue Beth was also seeing.  The traffic was great but it
   wasn’t targeted.  Her message was clear but her content wasn’t speaking
   to her specific audience.

   She definitely wasn’t having the engagement that she needed so we’re
   working together now to get her on the right track.  Of course since
   she is working with me now that gives her instant access to my
   [18]Build a Blog Community course.

Engagement Is What Closes Deals

   Predictions have been made for this year as well on this topic,
   surprise!

   We all need traffic to our blogs that’s a given.

   Page views are important so we can gauge what they’re viewing the most.

   Can you attract the reader though and keep them on your site?  Can you
   get them engaged, can you [19]create a community that will keep them
   coming back time and time again because of what you offer?

   Once you hit publish do you have loyal readers showing up, reading your
   content and then sharing it on social media?  Do you have them telling
   their friends about you?

   Are you engaging with them enough so that those that do want what you
   have to offer will buy from you?

   I watched a [20]very interesting video from Jason Forrest who is the
   CEO of Forrest Performance Group.  In this video he did make his own
   predictions about this area as well.

   He is referencing sites like Twitter but blogging is also a part of
   social media.  His point is that when someone says something about your
   content, don’t just say “oh thanks, glad you liked it”.  Interact with
   them, get engaged with that person and make a connection.

   Schedule a phone conversation with them or for me I love Skype because
   you can do face to face.

   That’s the way you close deals, get sales, work with people.  Comments
   are great but that’s the beginning of the conversation so you better be
   having some great conversations on your blog and/or through email.

   You wouldn’t believe the amount of emails that I get from people who
   have been reading my content yet have never left a comment.  They have
   resonated with what I’ve shared and email me when they’re ready to have
   that [21]free 30 minute consultation.

   We go over what they’re struggling with the most and then they’re ready
   to get to work.  It’s a beautiful thing.

   Take it a step further is what I’m saying.

   We don’t need someone predicting how important this is, it’s always
   been important.

   Numbers are great but they’re just numbers unless you’re getting
   results.  We all want traffic, readers, comments and shares.  That’s a
   big part of us building up an authority online in the area that we’re
   devoted to.

   You have to get those conversations started though, get people engaged
   on your blog and then have those discussions with them that can lead to
   potential clients and/or sales.

   Not everyone will buy from you but through those relationships you’re
   building they’ll recommend people to you which to me is the best type
   of traffic.
   [22]'Most are all about the number's, you should be all about the
   relationships!' ~ Adrienne SmithClick To Tweet

Success Is Yours This Year

   Beth has been having some aha moments.  I get that a lot when I work
   with my clients.

   Blogging is the marketing tool you should be using to get your target
   audience interested in what you offer.

   It should have them saying you were speaking just to me or how did
   he/she know that’s what I was thinking.

   It should relate to what their problem is at that moment and then get
   them engaged in the comment section so you can open up that
   conversation.  They don’t even really have to comment though, they can
   send you an email.

   Your next step should be to have that personal conversation with them
   so you can find out what their issues, needs or problem is.  I know
   everyone is different but you can’t go wrong having that one-on-one
   conversation with someone.

   Success is yours this year so no matter what changes continue to happen
   as the years go by, you’ve got to have everything in place so that
   they’re eager to take that next step with you.

   Numbers are impressive but they don’t close sales.  Get them engaged
   and if you haven’t been doing this up to this point then you better
   start today.

   Stop struggling in this area and let’s devise a plan of action.  I
   offer a 30 minute free consultation so [23]click this link now and
   let’s get you headed for success.






   Adrienne Smith
   Blogging Consultant
   Don’t forget to share this post with your friends!
   [24]Tweet242
   [25]+173
   [26]Share69
   [27]Share47
   Pin8
   Total Shares 439

98 Comments

    1. [28]Brent Jones
       Twitter: [29]brentjonline
       on February 15, 2016 at 9:18 AM
       What an awesome post, Adrienne!
       It’s like you read my mind!
       The topic of the rant video I’m publishing tomorrow is “Forget
       about the Numbers.”
       Too many marketers and bloggers focused only on how many Instagram
       followers they have have, how many people on their mailing list,
       how many hits their blog gets each month…
       And while we all want to have a large following, its importance
       pales in comparison to real, active, engaged, human followers… the
       people who actually give a sh*t about what we have to say!
       I’d rather have 1,000 followers who care about my message than
       10,000 followers who ignore me.
       Or, as Don Purdum says, people who are ready, willing, and able to
       buy from us.
       Just shared this post! Nice job!
       Brent
       Brent Jones recently posted…[30]Build a Referral-Based Business
       with Maddy Osman My Profile
       [31]Reply
          + [32]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [33]adriennesmith40
            on February 15, 2016 at 9:28 AM
            Hey Brent,
            Great to see you again my friend!
            Well I guess as we move into this year and see what’s
            important and what really isn’t then maybe more people will be
            sharing their views about this topic. I’m tired of hearing
            people teach others how to drive traffic and that it’s just a
            numbers game. All I can say is good luck with that.
            I happen to agree with you because for years I’ve heard it’s
            about the numbers yet I have always had lower numbers than
            most of these other really successful people yet I have a
            pretty thriving business here because my numbers actually
            count. Not that theirs don’t so let me rephrase that because
            we each know what our business is doing behind closed doors.
            My following is loyal and active and they take action.
            I’ll look forward to your rant, I’m sure it’s going to be a
            good one. 😉
            Thanks Brent for your comment and of course the shares too,
            you’re the best. Have a great week and hope you and Andrea had
            a really awesome Valentine’s Day!
            ~Adrienne
            [34]Reply
    2. Ben on February 13, 2016 at 10:28 AM
       Hi Adrienne. I agree with a lot of what you said. When I originally
       started blogging several years ago I followed a lot of the big name
       blogging “gurus” and everything I was taught was about the numbers,
       all of the stats that Google Analytics can give you. Even back then
       though, Google said that it was about the content, about writing
       for a real person to read. I think engagement naturally grows out
       of content. To create good content you have to have an idea of what
       your audience wants to read. Google has done their best to root out
       the tricks that people used to boost the numbers and when they
       couldn’t, they reduced the importance of the numbers. I have worked
       with a few people over the years who spent so much time obsessing
       about the numbers that they never actually did anything to change
       the numbers. Now Google has figured out ways to measure engagement
       so they have included them in their algorithm and further reduced
       the importance of the numbers. The numbers are still there behind
       the engagement, so they are still important but Google doesn’t have
       to measure them directly anymore. The basics of writing to a real
       person have always mattered, and still do. I think it’s another
       case of “the more things change, the more they stay the same.” Just
       my 2 cents.
       [35]Reply
          + [36]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [37]adriennesmith40
            on February 13, 2016 at 2:30 PM
            Hey Ben,
            That’s what people don’t seem to get is that Google has always
            been about the content. The numbers helped us get more eyes on
            that content so it did at times get a little out of hand. I’m
            glad though that they took the measures that they did.
            If people would just continue to remember that without people
            they don’t have a business so once you get them to your site
            then you need to make those connections to help them take that
            next and final step.
            I appreciate you putting your two cents worth in Ben and thank
            you for your comment.
            ~Adrienne
            [38]Reply
    3. [39]Joy Healey
       Twitter: [40]joyjoyhealey.com
       on February 13, 2016 at 7:53 AM
       Hi Adrienne,
       For someone whose numbers aren’t amazing (me) that’s one very
       encouraging post!
       If it were all about the numbers I would have given up long ago –
       but thankfully I met some really great bloggers who taught me
       otherwise. Probably you were one of the first of them, but someone
       must have sent me to you. I think it was Angela…. I certainly owe
       her a debt of gratitude, because it was that “introduction” that
       was the turning point for me.
       I don’t bother much thinking about keywords and SEO any more,
       because the number of sites I’d have to try and beat are just so
       silly. I just blog about what’s been happening to me over the week
       and that’s never let me down for a topic – and happily people I’ve
       met though nice bloggers like yourself seem to come along and join
       in.
       Such a far cry from one of my earlier “decent” blogs (I scrapped a
       few rubbish ones first!) when – although I was working really hard
       on creating well-research posts in the health niche (three times a
       week), NO-ONE was coming. That was so depressing. That’s over. I
       scrapped that blog too, which was a shame because tons of work had
       gone into it, but never mind. I actually like my current one
       better, so I hope it reflects that in my posts.
       Oops – better “do something”, I’m getting carried away chatting!
       Have a good weekend, Joy
       Joy Healey recently posted…[41]WordPress Security Services – What
       Really Works? My Profile
       [42]Reply
          + [43]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [44]adriennesmith40
            on February 13, 2016 at 9:59 AM
            Hey Joy,
            Well that’s okay then Joy because if we all just relied on
            what those numbers said I think we all would have quit by now.
            Unless we were a sleazy marketer who was only after the buck.
            I don’t remember who introduced us either but if it was Angela
            then I’m thrilled.
            Sounds like you enjoy what you do and for that I’m thrilled. I
            hope with that also comes making sales. The friendships are
            great, I wouldn’t be where I am today and a good bit of the
            people who read your blog and comment won’t ever buy from you.
            I know that’s confusing to a lot of people but it’s through
            what you share, how you present yourself and the interaction
            that is going on that will catch the attention of those who
            are looking for what you have to offer. We have to take that a
            step further though and make that connection with them when
            they do stop by.
            I can only imagine the health niche being very hard to be a
            part of. I have another friend in that niche and she’s not
            doing that well either and she has great products, a great
            blog, great information, you name it. It’s just hard to
            compete in that niche. I’m glad you’re enjoying this one.
            LOL!!! That’s too funny.. Well it is the weekend so you enjoy
            yourself too okay!
            Thanks for the comment and have a good one Joy.
            ~Adrienne
            [45]Reply
    4. Igert on February 13, 2016 at 3:29 AM
       Hi Adrienne
       Talking makes the world go round. Throw smiling and sharing into
       the mix and you have a winning recipe. Touch emotions and you have
       listener. Offer your listener help and encouragement and you have a
       friend.
       Blogging can be such a powerful tool. Speak to people not to
       numbers. Talk about them and not about what you sell. People do not
       read newspapers to read the ads. They read the news because news
       stirs emotions. That is the way you should blog.
       Internet marketing teachers often say you should give value.
       Everyone has a story to tell but often he or she has nobody to tell
       it to. Be an open ear, a shoulder to cry on and a helping hand at
       the same time. That is the best kind of value there is.
       Thanks for pointing out how to engage your readers and why you
       should do so.
       Great post.
       Igert
       [46]Reply
          + [47]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [48]adriennesmith40
            on February 13, 2016 at 9:51 AM
            Hi Igert,
            Welcome to my blog and thank you for putting that so
            eloquently. As you can probably imagine from having read this
            post, I definitely agree with what you’re saying here. I’ve
            learned from experience having tried it both ways and hands
            down, helping people is the way to their hearts because we all
            know they don’t care about anything but themselves. Reach out
            to them and show then you care and that can be the start of a
            truly wonderful relationship.
            Thank you for your comment, I really appreciate you stopping
            by and adding to this.
            You have a great weekend and have fun blogging and meeting
            more amazing people.
            ~Adriennne
            [49]Reply
    5. [50]Siddaiah Thirupati
       Twitter: [51]siddu_t
       on February 12, 2016 at 6:13 AM
       Hi Adrienne Smith,
       There are so many changes happened from 2008, I was fortunate that
       I started my blogging journey in 2014 and know all the bad things
       happened to bloggers by Google algorithms, new bloggers are taking
       all the precautions and working according to Google policies.
       You have seen all the changes in the internet marketing, have you
       ever felt why you have chosen this blogging?.
       Anyway thanks for sharing your experience, see you soon with
       another article.
       Siddaiah Thirupati recently posted…[52]LeadPages VS Thrive Landing
       Pages: Which Is The Best One? My Profile
       [53]Reply
          + [54]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [55]adriennesmith40
            on February 12, 2016 at 8:46 AM
            Hi Siddaiah,
            Glad you bypassed all of that we had to deal with years
            before. The thing is though that we were being taught the
            legitimate way to do things and those were things Google
            accepted. Google is the one that decided to change things up
            and totally penalized those who were doing things right.
            That’s the scary part of following the rules, they change them
            so quickly.
            I chose blogging because I was sharing back in 2011 the things
            I was learning and they were working. I was doing affiliate
            marketing at that time but we all had to drive traffic and
            attention to what we were doing with our blogs. What I was
            being taught worked so I found my love of helping others
            figure this out and that’s how I got to where I am.
            You’re welcome and thank you for your visit. You be sure to
            enjoy your weekend okay! See you soon!
            ~Adrienne
            [56]Reply
    6. [57]Sue Price
       Twitter: [58]suejprice
       on February 12, 2016 at 12:44 AM
       Hi Adrienne,
       This is my first visit here this year and I just love your new
       look.
       I agree totally that blogging is about engagement. I cannot
       understand the people who blog and then do not bother answering the
       comments they do receive.
       Of course you are the best shining example of a relationship
       building blogger.
       I love to write content that is going to help someone and I rarely
       do keyword research. I really should pay more attention to numbers
       than I do.
       Great post thank you Adrienne.
       Sue
       Sue Price recently posted…[59]How Can The Benefits Of Meditation
       Help You? My Profile
       [60]Reply
          + [61]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [62]adriennesmith40
            on February 12, 2016 at 8:42 AM
            Hey Sue,
            Welcome back and thank you. I’m really happy with the new
            theme.
            You and I both know what’s the most important Sue. We’ve been
            through the trenches together and come out on the other side
            so to speak. 😉
            I don’t do keyword searches anymore either, it might actually
            help me more if I did. You know though where my heart lies and
            making those connections just works.
            Thank you for your comment and you have a good weekend okay!
            Thinking of you!
            ~Adrienne
            [63]Reply
    7. [64]Shamsudeen Adeshokan
       Twitter: [65]Cybernaira
       on February 11, 2016 at 6:02 PM
       Hi Adrienne,
       Where some get it wrong is taking the internet business as the
       business of the robot; no…..it doesn’t have to be seen that way.
       Internet business is a people’s business and unless you treat it as
       such, you might not get too far with it.
       Whatever it takes to do business successfully in the offline world
       also apply here, you’ll need to talk to people, get to know them
       and make them trust you.
       If people don’t trust you, they won’t buy from you. And how do you
       get all these things in a faceless community like the internet?
       You start by engaging in meaningful discussions with genuine and
       relevant audience.
       I have had few discussions online with people I never before from
       Adam that had resulted into paying blog coaching sessions over the
       years.
       Attending live industry event is what I like mention here too, it
       helps a lot in meeting relevant people and establishing new
       connections.
       I have maintain few connections from years of attending such events
       that are still helpful till date.
       It dosen’t have to stop on our blog, we can take it further to real
       life and open dooors for new opportunities.
       Thanks Adrienne, nice read.
       Shamsudeen Adeshokan recently posted…[66]Twin Bash – Ninja OutReach
       Tool Plus 5 StudioPress Child Themes Give Away My Profile
       [67]Reply
          + [68]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [69]adriennesmith40
            on February 11, 2016 at 7:51 PM
            Hi Shamsudeen,
            I guess it depends on what business you’re in because if it’s
            something like eCommerce then people know the product they
            want and they’re just eager to get the best deal. They could
            care less who they’re buying it from because they already know
            it to be a quality product. For those who are building a long
            lasting business then they definitely need to be making those
            connections with the people who are or could possibly be
            purchasing from them.
            Having a blog is the best way to attract those people to you
            and I agree, you need to be having meaningful discussions with
            you audience. As per the examples you’ve shared with us
            Shamsudeen, you’ve done well through these methods too and
            that just goes to show what can lead to your income from
            having made those connections. I love that.
            Thank you for sharing this with us and I’m glad you stopped
            by.
            Hope you’re enjoyed your week and have a really fun and
            restful weekend.
            ~Adrienne
            [70]Reply
    8. [71]Peter Beckenham
       Twitter: [72]villagemarketer
       on February 11, 2016 at 4:04 AM
       Hello Adrienne,
       It’s always great to visit your place as every time I do I come
       away with another gem.
       And really that’s one of the secrets of your success adrienne.
       Your incredible ability to not just communicate but to actually
       truly engage with folks.
       As you so cleverly said “engagement closes deals”
       I can personally attest to your engagement ability as you reached
       out to me via Skype just a few weks ago and starting building what
       I hope will be a long-term relationship.
       Thanks for another gem today – so simple yet so powerful. Don’t
       just thank the perosn on say, Twitter, who has shared your post,
       but actually reach out and make a connection with them.
       Wow when I think of just that item alone I wonder how many
       opportunities I have missed. Opportunities not just to build
       business potential but to create relationships we can learn to
       really trust and appreciate.
       That alone nwould be priceless to me.
       What an really interesting point you made about those readers of
       your blog who never comment but reached out to you via email for
       your 30 minute consultation.
       Just goes to show that we must always make sure the experience we
       give our readers is the best we can give – there is always the real
       possibility that amongst our readers who have not yet commented is
       the dream business opportunity we have been seeking.
       Super post as always Adrienne – many thanks
       Best wishes from a remote Thai vilage blogger
       Peter
       Peter Beckenham recently posted…[73]8 Ways To Create Enthusiastic
       Blog Readers My Profile
       [74]Reply
          + [75]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [76]adriennesmith40
            on February 11, 2016 at 8:37 AM
            Hey Peter,
            Well I always love hearing that Peter.
            I believe that’s what people need to do more of. I had a girl
            reach out to me and we had a terrific Skype chat yesterday as
            well. We’ve known who each other is online for years now,
            commented a few times on each other’s blog but never made that
            connection. I’m SO glad we did too because I got a LOT out of
            our conversation just like you and I did last week as well. It
            just helps people be more connected and that’s where
            friendships can be formed and you and I both know, referrals
            can come from. Not everyone is our client or customer but they
            know someone who is. 😉
            You’re really great at helping people Peter and you connect
            really well with others. Just think of that person who follows
            you on Twitter, what it would mean to them for you to reach
            out and ask if there is anything you can help them with at
            this moment. Or they share your content and you start a
            conversation with them besides just thanking them for sharing
            it. People aren’t doing that, they all have an agenda but you
            never know where that will lead unless you make that next
            step.
            It’s been mind boggling the people who email me who have never
            commented on my blog. Some are on my list yet have never
            communicated with me before. I love it though because they’re
            listening and paying attention. You just never know who you’ll
            reach.
            This is why you need to continue speaking to that one person
            who has that one problem Peter. It’s going to resonate with
            your audience, they’re going to have those aha moments,
            they’re going to eventually reach out to you when they’re
            ready because they need to make sure you’re the one that can
            really help them. Just know that they’re watching you.
            Thank you Peter for the comment, you know I always appreciate
            it. You have a great end to your week okay!
            ~Adrienne
            [77]Reply
          + [78]Vee N Ric
            Twitter: [79]Vee Ric
            on February 11, 2016 at 8:51 PM
            Hi again Adrienne.
            True, so many things have changed online-
            The King changes them all
            And the subjects have to dance
            To the not so merry tune of Google.
            Google keeps making so many changes
            It is very irksome.
            True, it is not at all easy to be found nowadays –
            Then why does Google call itself a search engine?
            Perhaps they should change their name to
            Anything but NOT a search engine.
            Simply because, you do not get what you search for
            When on Google –
            At least not like the way
            It is used to be
            Some years ago.
            TRUE Google made changes to fight
            Spammers and black hat marketers –
            But at what cost?
            The cost of the poor li’l guys
            Trying to make a buck online?
            How many people had to close down
            Their websites and blogs
            Because of Google?
            Google is responsible for the burial
            Of so many online dreams!
            But what does Google care?
            Google has become just too big for their boots
            – an online dictator!
            They forget that no dictator lasts forever!
            True, change is inevitable.
            I love your talk on Engagement –
            The secret sauce to your success.
            Thanks a lot for yet another
            AWESOME POST!
            Njoy your weekend
            [80]Reply
               o [81]Adrienne Smith
                 Twitter: [82]adriennesmith40
                 on February 12, 2016 at 8:39 AM
                 Hey Vee and Ric,
                 What you have to remember my friend is that Google is
                 here to make money, plain and simple. They are also a
                 search engine but that means it’s just a program that
                 they keep working on in order to find the best content
                 possible for whatever the person is searching for.
                 Personally, I feel they’ve gotten much better because
                 when I used to search for stuff I got way too much junk.
                 Today I get a lot of great content that I was searching
                 for but for you to rank on the first page of Google, well
                 you’ve got to put your work in just like everyone else.
                 Don’t count on Google though, you can’t just rely on one
                 source of traffic so go out there, make your own traffic
                 and over time Google will notice. You need to start
                 making those connections though with the people who show
                 up on your site. It will happen in time when you do this
                 process right.
                 I wish you the best as always so have fun with this okay!
                 Enjoy your weekend as well and I’ll be sure to do the
                 same.
                 ~Adrienne
                 [83]Reply
                    # [84]Vee N Ric
                      Twitter: [85]Vee Ric
                      on February 12, 2016 at 9:16 AM
                      One thing is for sure Adrienne…
                      We do not reply on Google –
                      Not a single bit.
                      Thanks again for your advice.
                      They are like gold to us.
                      You have a nice weekend too –
                      Though I see you are working today?
                      Be well.
                      Regards.
                      [86]Reply
    9. [87]Irish Carter
       Twitter: [88]IrishCarter1
       on February 10, 2016 at 9:47 PM
       Hi Adrienne,
       This is why you were the PP15 doll. I loved how you narrowed it
       right down step by step here and was so glad to hear that Beth was
       having those aha moments. Those are the cheerleading moments. Yeah!
       I really could relate to this as you were talking about the race
       years back to get the awesome alexa rank, google page rank, page
       views, etc. Years back I was all about getting bulk amount of
       followers and last year I began to grasp how important it was to
       narrow my niche down because I was all over the place with several
       different audiences of readers. My head was spinning. The emails I
       receive now and the companies that want to work with me are just
       awesome. I can definately see my pattern and I think it would
       surprise people the audience that I am attracting in wellness. I
       have to say Adrienne….I really didn’t see that audience in my
       future but am so amazingly excited that it is who they are.
       Thanks for bringing a gigantic smile to my face again. You have a
       lifelong reader, fan and customer and support system here Adrienne.
       : )
       Off topic: I hope life is going well this week for you. I am
       wishing we had some warm Texas weather here in Michigan because I
       am really tired of cold weather. I want sunshine. Did all the tree
       root problems get resolved? I hope so. I’m in the process of
       putting my house up for sale so I can move closer to family. Long
       overdue for me. So I am just pacing life the best I can so life can
       stay fabulous my way. LOL
       HAVE a great upcoming weekend. Keep smiling.
       Irish
       Irish Carter recently posted…[89]Free Bookmarks During our Fan
       Appreciation Week My Profile
       [90]Reply
          + [91]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [92]adriennesmith40
            on February 11, 2016 at 8:28 AM
            Hey Irish,
            I appreciate that my dear and I was SO honored to be #1 last
            year…
            You’ve noticed yourself that exactly what I’ve been talking
            about all these months is the way to go. When you’re much more
            clear on what you do and who you can help then putting
            yourself out there will bring in those types of results. I’m
            thrilled to hear about the people and companies that have been
            contacting you and the direction that you’re headed. It’s
            making those connections with those people though that is
            making things happen. People have to grasp how important this
            is and to stop obsession over the numbers. While they are a
            great thing to help gauge which direction you should be
            spending your efforts, they don’t close sales. They don’t make
            connections and they don’t get you more customers; YOU do…
            I’m so very flattered Irish, thank you so much and I only harp
            on all of this because it’s what we all should be doing IF we
            all want the right kind of results.
            Sorry you’re dealing with all that cold weather. It’s been in
            the low 60’s here most of the week. Don’t hate me but today it
            will reach the mid 70’s and tomorrow should hit 80 degrees. It
            hasn’t been really cold at night, maybe high 40’s low 50’s. Of
            course you have to understand that for me that’s still COLD. I
            don’t live where it’s cold so I would literally die in
            Michigan. Where does your family live, close to where you are
            now or another state entirely?
            The tree root issue did get resolved but our complex now has
            other issues. We just live in a 53 year old building and in
            Texas our ground shifts a LOT. So the old plumbing underneath
            our complex is giving way as well and we’re getting bids right
            now to see what the next step will be to have it all replaced.
            So for the time being my issue is resolved but due to what’s
            happening under the building we could have other issues at any
            time. Just a mess but nothing last forever right!
            Thanks for sharing that with me Irish and I’m glad to hear
            that things are moving in the right direction for you this
            year. Yay!!! Me too, I’m super excited to see where this all
            goes and we’ll all have to do some celebrating together. 😉
            Have a great day my dear.
            ~Adrienne
            [93]Reply
   10. [94]Mitch Mitchell
       Twitter: [95]mitch_m
       on February 10, 2016 at 9:24 PM
       Interesting post. I know a lot of bloggers trying to make money
       online who do have this particular regret. I also know a bunch who
       haven’t quite figured out how to write so they can reach those
       particular people. I could probably say the same thing with my
       business blog. For almost 11 years I’ve been writing on that topic
       and, though it helps keep my website competitive for its search
       terms, it really hasn’t generated a heck of a lot of business.
       Then again, I’m lucky to have other things to fall back on.
       However, one of these years I might want to give up the traveling
       part and just stay home & write. Course, without the proper
       products drawing the right traffic would be kind of meaningless…
       maybe… :-)
       Mitch Mitchell recently posted…[96]Change Is Only Good If The
       Outcome Is Improvement My Profile
       [97]Reply
          + [98]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [99]adriennesmith40
            on February 11, 2016 at 8:19 AM
            Hey Mitch,
            I know quite a few of both of those categories as well Mitch.
            As you know with your business blog, you can get the traffic
            and are competitive for its search terms but it still isn’t
            bringing you the business. Are you writing for that specific
            person that needs what you offer? Are you in front of the
            people who need what you have? You might even have to run some
            ads if you’re not able to find the right groups and places
            online where they hang out. There are some niches that are
            just a little more difficult to get in front of then others as
            you already know. Either way though, it’s connecting with the
            people that’s going to eventually get you the business.
            I know if you could do well in this area then that time that
            you might want to stay home could get closer and closer. 😉
            Thanks for the comment my friend, always great to see you.
            Enjoy your day.
            ~Adrienne
            [100]Reply
   11. [101]Kim George
       Twitter: [102]yourchicgeek81
       on February 10, 2016 at 7:14 PM
       Hello there Adrienne!
       This is a super awesome post. I wholeheartedly agree with the
       comments made about the importance of building relationships and
       networking online.
       As you stated with all of the changes that Google continues to make
       relationships are seriously the key to blogging success.
       PR rankings and gazillions of backlinks just won’t cut it anymore.
       Wishing you an awesome week :-)
       Kim George recently posted…[103]10 Actions You Can Take To Look
       More Professional on Social Media My Profile
       [104]Reply
          + [105]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [106]adriennesmith40
            on February 10, 2016 at 7:20 PM
            Hey there Kim,
            Why thank you, I appreciate that.
            I had a great chat today with someone I’ve been connected with
            on a certain platform for about two years now but we’d never
            met. I’ve visited her blog a few times and she recently
            stopped by mine. She actually reached out to me and we had the
            best time. That just goes to show how relationships can help
            you because I KNOW I got more from that talk then she did
            although I hope that it will be very beneficial for us both
            moving forward. 😉 Just goes to show that relationships will
            take you SO much further because they are actual people
            willing to help you with whatever your needs are.
            Google is always changing, I agree but backlinks will probably
            always be important to some extent. If people just realized
            that you can have it all by commenting but you have to take it
            even a step further if you want sales.
            Glad you enjoyed this post and thanks for your comment Kim.
            You have a great rest of your week too. I definitely intend to
            do the same.
            ~Adrienne
            [107]Reply
               o [108]Kim George
                 Twitter: [109]yourchicgeek81
                 on February 10, 2016 at 7:30 PM
                 Hey Adrienne! Guess I should rephrase my previous comment
                 and state that backlinks do matter…but that building
                 relationships is def the way to go.
                 Since launching my blog last month, it seems like the
                 floodgates have opened up for opportunites and
                 collaborations. Its such a blessing :-).
                 Kudos again on the post.
                 [110]Reply
                    # [111]Adrienne Smith
                      Twitter: [112]adriennesmith40
                      on February 10, 2016 at 8:37 PM
                      Hey Kim,
                      Well absolutely my dear and I’m glad you rephrased
                      that. Yeah, backlinks are important but boy are
                      those connections even more important. Getting found
                      on Google is awesome but when you’re able to make
                      those kinds of relationships from those connections
                      then that’s just priceless.
                      Thanks my dear and I’m thrilled you’re doing SO
                      well.
                      ~Adrienne
                      [113]Reply
   12. Katrin on February 10, 2016 at 2:46 PM
       Hey Adrienne,
       for me it’s about getting in touch with others and making
       connections. I don’t mind much about my Alexa Rank. Some day I
       realized that blogging for me is about creating something useful,
       sharing it, helping others, connecting.
       SEO does have its value, but since the algorithms are adjusted
       regularly, it’s hard to predict whether the strategy you use is
       still good next year. So I am not spending too much time on that
       any more.
       I love how you involve other people in a meaningful comment
       culture. Things have changed a lot, and that seems to be your
       contribution :)
       Thanks, and all the best for you! ~ Katrin
       [114]Reply
          + [115]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [116]adriennesmith40
            on February 10, 2016 at 3:45 PM
            Hi Katrin,
            Wonderful to see you again, thanks for dropping by.
            That’s what it should be about because if you’re blogging to
            build your business then you need to make the connections with
            those interested in what it is that you offer. Numbers can be
            good for different reasons but if people keep banking on it as
            a guaranteed success then they’re going to be in for a rude
            awakening.
            SEO will always be alive, it’s how we use it that continues to
            change but I think for the most part the way it is right now
            is the way it will stay. I mean using SEO is more natural for
            me and has been for several years now and it still works
            beautifully. We definitely shouldn’t obsess over it though
            because you’re right, we never know what Google will do next.
            I love talking with people and helping them. It’s just what I
            enjoy the most so if I can combine that with them purchasing
            from me, those that need it, then that’s just an added bonus
            for me.
            I appreciate your visit and comment today Katrin. Thank you so
            much and you have a terrific rest of your week okay!
            ~Adrienne
            [117]Reply
   13. [118]Sherman Smith
       Twitter: [119]sks_success75
       on February 10, 2016 at 1:53 PM
       Hey Adrienne,
       A couple of years ago, I came to the realization that statistics
       are great motivation factors, but it doesn’t mean that you’re
       successful.
       I’ve seen a couple of bloggers who went from have just over 1,000
       on their alexa and now they have over 1 million alexa score. You
       and me know what happened with this. At the time, judging from
       their stats, I thought they were successful, but apparently not.
       As you’ve said, the key is engaging. You want to engage with those
       that share a common interest and common goals as you do. When
       people can resonate well with you, then that’s when growing your
       blog and home business becomes less of a challenge. We all need
       traffic to come to our blog, but the real question when it comes
       down to it is what type of traffic do we need.
       Thanks for sharing Adrienne! This was definitely a great topic!
       Sherman Smith recently posted…[120]3 Elements To Focus On To Help
       You Save Time My Profile
       [121]Reply
          + [122]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [123]adriennesmith40
            on February 10, 2016 at 3:40 PM
            Hey Sherman,
            With the way that numbers were promoted as being the reason
            you’re successful Sherman I’m not surprised that people got
            that impression.
            I remember creating that brand new blog and only blogging once
            a week but I was promoting a product and people were buying it
            so my Alexa rank dropped significantly in just a short period
            of time. Instead of asking me how I was selling my product
            they were more interested in how I got that number that low.
            Really? I was dumbfounded by their questions but of course I
            just told them to follow my teachings and there’s your answer.
            So I got the number low and was making money, great
            combination.
            You’re right, we need traffic but specific kind of traffic.
            Once they’re there it’s up to us to make sure that they not
            only stay but we continue that conversation. We have a much
            better chance of having a great end result that way. Those
            still chasing the numbers are going to be in for a rude
            awakening.
            Thank YOU Sherman for your comment and always great to see
            you. You have a wonderful rest of your week okay!
            ~Adrienne
            [124]Reply
   14. [125]ikechi
       Twitter: [126]Ikechi Awazie
       on February 10, 2016 at 2:17 AM
       Hi Adrienne
       This is so true and let me say a big thanks for this post.
       So many things are changing and this is happening in blogging too.
       The focus of blogs should be to engage and have an awesome
       relationship. Numbers are great but they can’t be compared to
       relationships.
       I agree that connections do matter and one that builds a strong
       bond with his readers will reap the rewards. Thumbs up for this
       awesome pst.
       Have a swell week. Take Care
       [127]Reply
          + [128]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [129]adriennesmith40
            on February 10, 2016 at 8:22 AM
            Hi Ikechi,
            Well you’re very welcome for this one then. :-)
            I’m glad you see that this is the direction that people should
            be going. We all know that numbers are cool and impressive but
            we don’t know what’s going on behind those closed doors. Only
            the owners do and with the majority of them, they aren’t
            having the success that everyone is lead to believe. I can
            understand why it’s leading to this actually because it’s the
            people, the relationships and the connections that will take
            you the furthest with your blog and your business.
            Thank you Ikechi for your comment and I sure hope you’re
            enjoying your week.
            ~Adrienne
            [130]Reply
   15. [131]Joan M Harrington
       Twitter: [132]joantruesuccess
       on February 9, 2016 at 4:36 PM
       Hi Adrienne,
       Really enjoyed your post, girlfriend!
       I can totally relate that yes, there are so many people that teach
       and train on stuff, that just does not work anymore and it is funny
       they still do it :)
       Engagement is definately the key to having success as a blogger, as
       well as getting the “right” kind of traffic to your blog, those
       that love your work and want to share and comment all the time :)
       Since I began blogging a few years ago, it was all about the
       numbers and to see if you can get on the first page of Google lol
       but that is not what it is about now and I am so happy that I now
       realize that as long as you are sharing value, the engagement just
       happens, because, people love to implement things that are simple
       and that it is all about the engagement with your readers that love
       what you share and when they let you know, it is the greatest
       feeling in the world!
       Always love your valuable content!!
       I do learn so much from you :)
       Thank you,
       Joan
       Big Hugs!!
       Joan M Harrington recently posted…[133]Ecom Subscription Pro Review
       My Profile
       [134]Reply
          + [135]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [136]adriennesmith40
            on February 9, 2016 at 5:17 PM
            Hey Joan,
            Why thank you, always happy to hear that.
            Do you run across a lot of this too? It boggles my mind how
            much stuff is being taught still to this day that hasn’t
            worked in years. No wonder people are frustrated because they
            just assume that these people actually care about them and are
            teaching them things that work today.
            I agree, if you’re using your blog as a marketing tool to
            attract your target audience then you better be concentrating
            more on the engagement part of this instead of just the
            numbers. Numbers are great but only when they’re taking
            action. If they don’t then it does no one any good and that’s
            how people start to really become more frustrated.
            Thank you for saying that Joan, I really do appreciate that
            and it’s always good to see you. Hope you’re doing well and
            things are going great.
            You have a terrific week and big hugs are coming back your
            way!
            ~Adrienne
            [137]Reply
   16. [138]Carolyn Nicander Mohr
       Twitter: [139]wonderoftech
       on February 9, 2016 at 1:36 PM
       Hi Adrienne, You’re so right, we bloggers think it’s about the
       numbers but it really isn’t, it’s about the connections.
       I don’t sell anything at The Wonder of Tech but I do feel rewarded
       when a reader tells me that they were helped by my articles.
       It’s funny, my traffic soared last year, up 40%, even though I
       switched from publishing three articles a week to two. But Alexa
       isn’t happy with me and my rank went from under 50,000 to over
       200,000.
       That just shows that the numbers really don’t matter. Just as you
       said, the connections do!
       Carolyn Nicander Mohr recently posted…[140]Facebook Celebrates
       Friends Day with Treats for You My Profile
       [141]Reply
          + [142]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [143]adriennesmith40
            on February 9, 2016 at 4:19 PM
            Hi Carolyn,
            You might not sell anything on your blog Carolyn, I don’t
            really either, but you offer so much awesome information to
            those looking for what you do share. I think it’s amazing and
            of course you’re doing well. Your information is priceless.
            Yeah, the less you post the more the Alexa rank rises although
            you’re still getting even more traffic. That’s just because as
            we all know that people have to have that extension installed
            on their browser in order for that traffic to count and if it
            isn’t then the number can darn sure be much lower. I haven’t
            really looked at mine in so long accept to update it for this
            post. Just goes to show that numbers no longer tell the whole
            story.
            Thanks for sharing that and hope you’re enjoying your week.
            ~Adrienne
            [144]Reply
   17. [145]Tom Southern
       Twitter: [146]CopyByTom
       on February 9, 2016 at 10:21 AM
       Hi Adrienne,
       This post really resonates for me at the moment.
       I too have had some landmark moments recently. Just in the last 7
       days, I’ve had an email from one reader who is really struggling to
       find a niche and is chasing his tail trying to pinpoint
       what his niche actually is. He can’t get to grips with the concept
       that it’s not about finding
       keywords and continually getting traffic.
       Another reader opened up to me about how they’re a complete
       beginner and finding all the advice out there overwhelming.
       To both, I’ve been telling them that success is all about
       relationships and engagement is a big part of this.
       But, in the beginning, I say to people struggling, that it’s about
       finding the right traffic for your blog. Simply, the right traffic
       consists of people like you. People who are going through what you
       went through to get to where you are now. To them, you’re an
       authority because you know what steps to take to get to where you
       are.
       But you need to let them know that you can help them get to where
       you are. You do this by making a connection, engaging, showing them
       you’re open to more of their questions, you’ll willing to respond
       to them when they tweet you, or email you, or leave comments.
       I always try to leave any communication I have with people with a
       question about them, if it’s
       appropriate. This almost always gets them to respond, thus opening
       the door to real communication.
       The more real your communication the more likely you are to attract
       the right kind of traffic to your blog and start making it work
       successfully for you.
       Btw, do you record your Skype consultations and, if so, how do you
       record them?
       – Tom
       Tom Southern recently posted…[147]STILL STRUGGLING TO FIND YOUR
       NICHE? HERE’S WHY… My Profile
       [148]Reply
          + [149]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [150]adriennesmith40
            on February 9, 2016 at 12:59 PM
            Hey Tom,
            Well I always love hearing that.
            I read your post and that’s a brilliant example of how you can
            help those who are struggling. It’s by pinpointing a
            particular problem that your audience is having and then
            helping them find that solution. By asking more questions and
            getting those conversations going then that will open them up
            for wanting to learn more from you. You are dead on Tom and
            that’s what will bring you the best results from this day
            forward.
            I appreciate you sharing this with me. You are on the right
            path for sure and I love hearing about them emailing you. I
            get that a lot too and it’s SO rewarding.
            I do record my consultations and I use Audacity. They come out
            pretty clear.
            Thanks Tom for sharing that and bravo my friend.
            ~Adrienne
            [151]Reply
   18. [152]Jo Cross
       Twitter: [153]jocrosswriter
       on February 9, 2016 at 8:54 AM
       Hi Adrienne,
       Another week, another a-ha moment from you (not that I am the first
       to say that).
       When you talk about numbers vs relationships, it reminds me of the
       scenario where someone has an address book or business card holder
       that is bulging with contacts. They are very proud of just how many
       ‘contacts’ they have but how many of those do they actually
       interact with on a regular basis or even know very well?
       Not many I would bet.
       And that is the point isn’t it. It isn’t about how many contacts we
       have. It is the quality of those contacts. The people we take the
       time to build relationships with. Our loyal fans that we would
       recommend and who would recommend us.
       Definitely something to always remember.
       Have a great week
       Jo
       Jo Cross recently posted…[154]3 Positive Benefits of Going Outdoors
       My Profile
       [155]Reply
   19. [156]Donna Merrill
       Twitter: [157]donna_tribe
       on February 9, 2016 at 1:54 AM
       Hi Adrienne,
       I just sent a comment over and the internet gremlins seemed to have
       eaten it alive.
       Anyway, I’ll do it again.
       Just wanted to tell you how much I agree with you here. I know
       you’re a big relationship builder, and of course that’s my style
       too.
       Don’t like to worry about numbers, in fact, I probably should more
       but I never got too much into the blogging stats.
       I think of blogging as a wonderful opportunity to help change
       lives, and that’s what I focus on. I know it resonates well with my
       peeps because besides visiting my blog often and getting engaged in
       the comment threads and all that… they also follow me on social
       media, join my member site, become coaching clients, or buyers of
       my info products, etc etc.
       So I’ve always found that when I focus on helping people improve
       their lives, even in little ways, they really appreciate it and
       become your biggest cheerleaders, you best customers, and your long
       term clients.
       You’ve been at this longer than me, and I’ve learned a few tricks
       from you since coming online :)
       I know you emphasize building those real relationships with people
       too, and that’s why your blog is always on the top of people’s
       “must visit” lists.
       We both love the opportunity blogging gives us to really make a
       difference in people’s lives, don’t we?
       I know we don’t think of our visitors in terms of numbers, but as
       real people that become our friends, and our loyal followers.
       Lovin’ the post Adrienne. It’s always fun hanging out with you,
       here :)
       -Donna
       Donna Merrill recently posted…[158]It’s The Little Things That Big
       Dreams Are Made Of My Profile
       [159]Reply
          + [160]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [161]adriennesmith40
            on February 9, 2016 at 9:14 AM
            Hi Donna,
            Oh bless your heart, I’m so sorry about that. Man do I hate
            when that happens too. Seems to be happening to me a lot
            lately as well so I’ve been copying mine now before hitting
            submit. I never know when it will disappear! Urggggg
            I KNOW you’re big on this too Donna, probably why we get along
            so well. We think a lot alike and I so admire you. What you do
            for your community and the people who connect with you, well I
            know they all feel blessed to have met you as well.
            I know that through the people you meet they do become
            readers, followers, customers and clients which is a beautiful
            thing.
            That’s what I’ve found as well, having a lot of cheerleaders
            in our corner is the best word of mouth marketing a person
            could ever have. Of course taking it a step further and really
            building those relationships is not only fun but it’s just a
            wonderful opportunity to get to know the people behind the
            blogs. What their struggles are, what it is that they enjoy
            doing and then it’s like you have a new friend. We can’t have
            enough of those right!
            Thank you Donna for your wonderful comment. I’m glad you enjoy
            hanging out over here and I definitely enjoy hanging at your
            place too.
            Have a wonderful week and I hope all is going well.
            ~Adrienne
            [162]Reply
   20. Corinne Kerston on February 8, 2016 at 11:11 PM
       Wonderfully said Adrienne!
       I think as blogging evolves, it’s becoming less and less about the
       numbers and more about relationships. I mean, I’ve attended quite a
       few webinars lately that say you don’t need high traffic and large
       email lists to be a successful blogger. And it’s true. It’s all
       about community and connections.
       btw, loving the branded images!
       [163]Reply
          + [164]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [165]adriennesmith40
            on February 9, 2016 at 9:07 AM
            Hi Corinne,
            Thank you and you’re so right. Those webinars you’ve been on
            and the advice they gave are spot on too. You don’t have to
            have a huge amount of traffic nor a huge list to be
            successful. You just have to build a relationship with the
            ones you have, have that community that is there to support
            you and over time everything falls into place like it should.
            It’s an awesome thing to watch happen.
            Thank you, I worked hard on those and finally decided what I
            wanted to do. I appreciate that.
            Thanks for your comment and you have a great week Corinne.
            ~Adrienne
            [166]Reply
   21. [167]Kim Willis
       Twitter: [168]kim_willis
       on February 8, 2016 at 9:32 PM
       Hi Adrienne
       A-ha moments. I live for those! My theory is that forward movement
       is dependent on how many aha moments we have in a given time frame.
       Last year I had many of those individual moments, which in turn
       facilitated a massive shift in the way I was doing business.
       Previously I was running ads, calling leads and (hopefully) making
       sales.
       Now it’s all organic. It’s about engagement, warmth, friendships,
       value giving, and sharing. What an enormous change this has been.
       Although my income dropped a lot, the vital signs are looking good.
       I made the change because I wanted a more sustainable income
       stream, and a more enriching working experience.
       For people reading this – especially newbies – I say this to you:
       play the long game. This is not a sprint; it’s a marathon for sure.
       Is it worth it? Well, yes. Creating long term sustainable income is
       always worth the effort. So be patient, and take the focus away
       from making money for a while and just focus on audience and
       relationship building for now.
       You talk about taking engagement further. I agree, and not just on
       our blog. An example: in the last week I’ve had several
       appointments (via Skype) from people who reached out to me. They
       didn’t come from my blog but Facebook. I had been engaging with
       them for a little while, and when the timing was right, they
       reached out. (One little technique I am using now is to use the FB
       chat facility to thank people for liking my post – sometimes a
       valuable conversation can flow from this simple activity.)
       So yeah this stuff is working, and I can thank Ryan Biddulph for
       being the original catalyst. He was the change agent I needed at
       that time simply because I was ready. Since then I’ve met wonderful
       people like yourself who have helped me refine what I was doing and
       move to the next level.
       I urge readers to get hold of your Build a Blog Community Course or
       book a consultation, a game changer, no doubt.
       Cheers
       Kim
       Kim Willis recently posted…[169]8 Ways to Convert Uncommitted
       Lookers Into Hot Prospects Online My Profile
       [170]Reply
          + [171]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [172]adriennesmith40
            on February 9, 2016 at 9:04 AM
            Hey Kim,
            I LOVE aha moments, I’m usually up doing my happy dance when
            they happen. It’s a beautiful yet fun event.
            I love hearing you’ve had those aha moments yourself recently
            and have totally changed the way you’ve done business.
            Although I’m sure that to an extent the way you were doing it
            brought in the income you know that doing it the organic way
            does build a sustainable business model. Just starting out
            most people are here for the money and they want it quick. I
            get that, I truly do but that’s not what’s going to keep your
            business growing in the years to come.
            Well of course, the conversations don’t just have to come from
            your blog you’re so right. I like that you’ve had some great
            conversations from Facebook. I have a lot of mine from
            Twitter. Who would think that right but it’s an awesome
            platform for me and I love it.
            I’m glad you bumped into Ryan and that he helped you
            understand why this is the best move going forward. You’ve
            seen what it’s done for him and he’s been through some
            different phases of this as well. I’m just happy you were open
            to it Kim and that you’re moving in the right direction. So
            glad he introduced you to me, that’s been a blast.
            I appreciate the recommendation Kim, thank you so much and I’m
            glad you found it helpful with your journey.
            You have a great day and thanks so much for the comment.
            ~Adrienne
            [173]Reply
   22. [174]Monna Ellithorpe
       Twitter: [175]msellithorpe
       on February 8, 2016 at 9:27 PM
       Hi Adrienne,
       I hope you are having a wonderful start to your week. When I
       started blogging, I concentrated on the engagement but of course,
       that was not what was working at the time, so I tried to go by the
       numbers; still didn’t work. If I had just stuck with my gut feeling
       from the beginning; who knows?
       Thanks for sharing all that you do each week. Valuable information
       always. :)
       [176]Reply
          + [177]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [178]adriennesmith40
            on February 9, 2016 at 8:52 AM
            Hi Monna,
            I am thank you and I hope you are as well. Everything good on
            the home front. :-)
            Well I know when I started engagement wasn’t what everyone was
            doing. I think it was just starting to slowly come on the
            scene in some niches but definitely not all. The numbers
            worked for me but that soon all fell apart. Of course I love
            the engagement and I guess I’m glad I did start when I did.
            Hey, you got there and all is good though right!
            My pleasure and thank you for contributing to this
            conversation Monna. I appreciate your nice compliment, thank
            you.
            Enjoy your week.
            ~Adrienne
            [179]Reply
   23. Daniela Uslan on February 8, 2016 at 8:02 PM
       Adrienne, I totally agree with this post. So many bloggers focus on
       the numbers when they don’t mean all that much. I myself am guilty
       of sneaking off during dinner to check my WordPress stats.
       However, I have experienced first hand that, as you wrote, you
       don’t need hundreds of thousands of page views a month to be
       successful. You need to know what your superpowers are, who your
       ideal audience members are, and then engage with them in a way
       that’s unique to you.
       The other thing about numbers is that they aren’t there to support
       you in your blogging journey. They won’t give you feedback on your
       posts and they won’t send you messages that let you know, without a
       doubt, that your voice matters. Only people and relationships can
       do that!
       [180]Reply
          + [181]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [182]adriennesmith40
            on February 9, 2016 at 8:42 AM
            Hi Daniela,
            Well welcome to my blog and thanks for the visit, what a
            wonderful surprise.
            I’m glad you understand and know what I’m talking about. I
            always used to hear it’s ALL about the numbers but I always
            felt it was definitely quality over quantity. People are still
            very surprised when I tell them how small my list still is
            today but they’re my friends, we interact, we appreciate each
            other and we have actual conversations. You can’t beat that,
            hands down and it’s the same way with my community. They are
            SO loyal and just awesome people. They are my readers, my
            subscribers, my customers and my clients. They also refer me
            to people so it’s a family.
            You’re right, those numbers don’t talk back and they sure
            don’t feed you at night! 😉
            Thanks Daniela for sharing your thoughts on this post. I
            appreciate your comment and visit. Be sure to enjoy your day
            and week.
            ~Adrienne
            [183]Reply
   24. [184]James McAllister
       Twitter: [185]HelpStartMySite
       on February 8, 2016 at 7:04 PM
       Hi Adrienne!
       Seems like so many people, especially beginners forget that the
       basic rules of sales determine a lot of their success. Every
       blogger is a salesperson, even if they are just trying to sell
       their ideas. People tend to forget that.
       With my first blog I blogged as the brand rather than a person –
       people didn’t really have any idea who I actually was or what I was
       like. This made it hard to connect with them, and as a result few
       people trusted me enough to make any meaningful purchases through
       that site. No doubt if I were selling my own products (I was only
       an affiliate at that time) my sales would have been even lower.
       The problem with many of our blogs, especially those of us working
       in the hobby type niches, is that people don’t wake up one day and
       decide they want to buy a similar type of product we’re trying to
       sell them. Instead, we need to connect with them and sell them on
       the value of the product. We can’t just sit back and wait for that
       to happen, we need to engage with them so they can see it, and
       trust us enough to buy it. Otherwise, another marketer who does go
       after it will win their sale.
       Big numbers are great but like you said without results they’re
       just numbers. My first blog that did decent had thousands of
       visitors a day at one point but I didn’t know how to monetize.
       Without a system in place to really connect with those visitors,
       more traffic doesn’t help us all that much.
       Success with engagement perpetuates success through referrals as
       you mentioned so no doubt this is the way to go.
       Thanks Adrienne!
       James McAllister recently posted…[186]Most Bloggers Are Using
       Social Media For The Wrong Reasons My Profile
       [187]Reply
          + [188]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [189]adriennesmith40
            on February 8, 2016 at 7:51 PM
            Hey James,
            I know for me when I first started I was insulted if someone
            called me a salesperson. I grew up though with a Dad who was
            in sales and he used to critique every sales guy we ever
            crossed and trust me, 98% of them failed miserably so it was
            almost like saying a dirty word to me. It wasn’t until much
            later that I came to the realization that I’m selling myself
            although I’m nowhere near like those creepy sales guys I
            always ran into. I’m sure I’m not the only one who thought
            that way either.
            Thanks for sharing with me the experiences you’ve had. I can
            relate to the brand because I was doing affiliate marketing as
            well but it was all about the product and I didn’t really
            share anything about me. It worked up to a point until
            everything changed then it just all feel apart.
            I can understand what you’re saying about hobby niches. I’m
            sure though that even with different types of hobbies that
            they are searching for certain things although not all. But
            you’re right, striking up those conversations and learning
            more about them definitely will benefit you much greater then
            just sitting back and waiting for them to hopefully find you.
            By that time someone else has definitely snatched them up
            already.
            We definitely need to have something in place to close the
            deals and make those sales. Without that we’ll all just be
            blogging as a hobby.
            Thanks James for your comment and you be sure to have a great
            week okay!
            ~Adrienne
            [190]Reply
   25. [191]Lea Bullen
       Twitter: [192]leadingedgeadv
       on February 8, 2016 at 6:43 PM
       Hi Adrienne,
       This reminds me of what I first heard of internet marketing, and
       people were claiming to have made so much for just a simple sales
       page.
       I agree engagement is important. It makes your site look alive and
       connects you with your readers. It gives you the opportunity to
       learn from them and give them what they’re looking for.
       I love your point,”Numbers are impressive but they don’t close
       sales.” It’s true. You have to refer back to the end goal when
       you’re considering different ways to achieve it because what you’re
       considering might not get the results you’re after.
       ~Lea
       Lea Bullen recently posted…[193]Make Life Easier with These 10
       Simple Tweaks My Profile
       [194]Reply
          + [195]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [196]adriennesmith40
            on February 8, 2016 at 7:44 PM
            Hi Lea,
            If you’ve been online for any length of time then you
            definitely have heard all about the numbers right Lea! Back
            when I started that worked though because most people came
            online searching for something and once they found it they
            just bought it. Back before everyone started getting ripped
            off though which is why those days are definitely behind us
            all now. I say good riddance too! I mean making a quick sale
            was nice but that mean no repeat customers, no connections, no
            relationships which is not a great business model.
            Amen, people come to your blog and their first thought is wow.
            Look at all the “conversations” taking place. No one liners or
            short responses but actual conversations. They feel much more
            comfortable asking you questions and joining in that way.
            Yep, it’s the sad truth of the matter. ”Numbers are impressive
            but they don’t close sales.” So everyone has to ask themselves
            what’s more important to them. I think for anyone building a
            business we already know that answer right!
            Thanks Lea for your comment, I always appreciate hearing from
            you.
            You have a great week okay!
            ~Adrienne
            [197]Reply
   26. [198]Mark
       Twitter: [199]coach2coachguy
       on February 8, 2016 at 6:16 PM
       Thanks for sharing some incredibly practical advice Adrienne!
       There is no doubt about it, your proven approach, allows us to
       build
       life long lasting relationships, a way, simply running fancy ads
       of any kind, will ever be able to effectively compete with!
       Corporate America has such an impersonal approach!Your way, not
       only
       helps build concrete bonds, but it allows us to leverage the
       goodwill of
       anyone we meet and engage with as well!
       Simply putting a pencil to it, will amply demonstrate, how much
       cheaper
       and far more effective your proven approach is!Thanks!
       Mark recently posted…[200]Why Extremely Savvy Entrepreneurs
       Definitely Need To Know What It Cost To Acquire A Customer! My
       Profile
       [201]Reply
          + [202]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [203]adriennesmith40
            on February 8, 2016 at 7:34 PM
            Hey Mark,
            Well it’s totally my pleasure.
            I love that they’re predicting that engagement will rank way
            over any numbers people used to gauge their success by. That’s
            just obvious actually and always should have been important. I
            mean I’ve heard it for years that traffic, numbers, readers,
            comments, subscribers while all important and necessary won’t
            pay the bills. If all of that hard effort you’re putting in
            isn’t converting then you don’t really have a business do you.
            That’s never fun to hear but it’s just reality for us all.
            You need to definitely build those bonds with others because
            we have to prepare for the future. Those people are the
            connections who can spread your name, do business with you
            and/or introduce you to other people who can open even more
            doors.
            Thanks for sharing your thoughts with me Mark and you be sure
            to have a fabulous week okay.
            ~Adrienne
            [204]Reply
   27. Michael Belk on February 8, 2016 at 3:14 PM
       Adrienne, I appreciate the advice. You are so right, however my
       biggest problem is I need more comments to get an idea of what is
       on their mind.
       As you say everyone is different. The conversation I am thinking
       about usually is not the one they are imagining.
       So, I turn to social media for answers. I admit it has only been
       about two months of active twitter activity for me.
       I probably need to be more patient. In due time people will reach
       out to you. I appreciate your kindness by the way.
       I have realized it does make a difference in the words you use.
       Thank you does not mean as much as thank you Jim.
       Just my thoughts. thanks again.
       [205]Reply
          + [206]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [207]adriennesmith40
            on February 8, 2016 at 4:20 PM
            Hey Michael,
            You can head to other places to find out what’s on the minds
            of your target audience. Granted, hearing from your own
            readers is great but it does take time to build up. Patience
            was never my strong suit but when it comes to building a
            presence online I learned pretty quickly that you better have
            a heck of a lot of it.
            Just keep writing to them and they’ll find your content.
            They’ll be looking we hope for what it is that you’re sharing.
            😉
            You’re right, thank you does go a long way when it’s sincere.
            Everything is more meaningful when you address someone by
            their name.
            Thanks Michael for your visit and comment. Be sure to enjoy
            your week now.
            ~Adrienne
            [208]Reply
   28. [209]Dana
       Twitter: [210]mrsdeegee
       on February 8, 2016 at 2:27 PM
       Hi Adrienne,
       In all honesty, I would be turned off to blogging if it was still
       just about the numbers.
       In fact, the reason I fell in love with having a blog is because of
       the relationships.
       I prefer to work with what I am passionate about. Those who come to
       my blog engage with me. I’ve had so many people open up and share
       personal experiences in the comment’s section (and in guest posts)
       that it has established a beautiful level of trust and community.
       I wasn’t surprised when things had changed several years ago with
       Google and their algorithms. People were building these websites
       without an actual human connection behind the efforts. Things
       become sloppy and there are consequences. The only real way to do
       any sort of business is to be fully present.
       It’s really the only way to live in general.
       If it weren’t for the community aspect of building a blog that
       speaks to real humans who want to hear from YOU, this could be a
       lonely and frustrating endeavor.
       We all support one another (and do business with one another) based
       on that level of trust that only happens when we feel we’ve been
       heard, understood and cared about.
       I’m not surprised your business is booming. It should be :)
       Dana recently posted…[211]Why Losing My Job Actually Saved My Life
       My Profile
       [212]Reply
          + [213]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [214]adriennesmith40
            on February 8, 2016 at 2:36 PM
            Hi Dana,
            You know what truly matters when it comes to blogging.
            Granted, blogging is about getting your content out there to
            solve people’s problems so they’ll want what it is that you
            offer but people want to make those connections today. It’s
            not just about reading content, buying and moving on anymore.
            Not what I’ve witnessed at least.
            I’m SO glad things changed because I remember being taught all
            about microblogging. It worked for a bit but there wasn’t
            anything there. If you commented you never got a response so
            unless you just found people who didn’t care who you were then
            I suppose they bought from you. Most people though have
            questions and run into issues with any type of product so
            knowing someone is behind it definitely helps.
            I love the way you put that Dana, thank you for sharing that
            with us. I love that things are progressing in this way too,
            just goes to show you what works and what no longer does. 😉
            Thank you for your comment and I hope you’re having a great
            afternoon.
            ~Adrienne
            [215]Reply
          + [216]Enstine Muki
            Twitter: [217]enstinemuki
            on February 8, 2016 at 3:18 PM
            Hi Dana,
            The beauty of building these relationships online is that they
            often end up in practical life. Some of the people you connect
            with on your blog finally get to meeting you in person and
            that makes things more beautiful.
            This has happened to me several times and I love to meet my
            readers and interact with them real time.
            Blogging is a beautiful relationship building tool, really
            Beautiful interaction here on Adrienne’s blog isn’t it?
            Enstine Muki recently posted…[218]Powerful Free TARGETED
            Traffic Source ~ Start driving traffic instantly! My Profile
            [219]Reply
               o [220]Dana
                 Twitter: [221]mrsdeegee
                 on February 8, 2016 at 3:28 PM
                 Hey Enstein,
                 You are so right. The fact that you and I are talking now
                 is proof of that.
                 I’ve met some truly amazing people through this community
                 – and as far as I’m concerned, they’ve become friends of
                 mine. We talk about life stuff and inspire each other.
                 We don’t all live around one another, so this connects
                 us.
                 I’d love to meet these people in person one day. I’ll bet
                 it was such a cool experience for you to do this.
                 And we can all thank Adrienne for paving the way :)
                 Dana recently posted…[222]Why Losing My Job Actually
                 Saved My Life My Profile
                 [223]Reply
   29. [224]Ryan Biddulph
       Twitter: [225]RyanBiddulph
       on February 8, 2016 at 1:04 PM
       Hi Adrienne,
       It’s so weird. How folks obsess about numbers over bonds. All that
       black hat stuff and focus on outcomes seems to be dying, slowly but
       surely, as your message is ringing loud and clear. More bloggers
       are onboard with making friends with niche-specific folks and with
       publish niche-specific posts for their audiences, and are moving
       away from the outcomes-driven stuff which has led to much blogging
       failure.
       Numbers do not buy courses or eBooks. Numbers can’t read posts or
       RT posts or comment on posts. Numbers can’t grow blogs or join
       lists. Yet many folks are hellbent on getting big numbers in
       traffic and list terms. It’s silly. And your post shows how the
       quality of your bonds surely points you in the right blogging
       direction.
       I love having fun with my blog. Because when I post from a fun,
       more-detached space, I stay on topic, I comment on relevant blogs
       and I watch my presence expand without wheel spinning ways. The
       struggling bit is rooted in moving away from having fun with
       creating and making friends (the powerful, light, relaxed stuff)
       towards tension….tension based in giving your energy to numbers and
       other imaginary things. Have fun creating posts for people. Have
       fun connecting with people. Don’t build tension in your body by
       trying to establish a bond with things. Things can’t love you back.
       People can. And will. When you give them your attention, when you
       help and promote them and when you connect with them thru
       commenting and social media and email.
       Numbers can’t grow your blog. Honest. I tried it. Tried forming
       bonds with numbers by obsessing over them. The moment I dropped the
       tension-filled, numbers focused energy it’s like I sent out a loud
       and clear signal to folks who dug my blog: I am here, to help, to
       energize and to connect with you. What a night day difference in
       this approach.
       Have a fabulous week Adrienne.
       Ryan
       Ryan Biddulph recently posted…[226]How to Turn Harsh Blogging
       Criticism into Sweet Blogging Profits (Amazon eBook) My Profile
       [227]Reply
          + [228]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [229]adriennesmith40
            on February 8, 2016 at 2:02 PM
            Happy Birthday Ryan!
            That’s the direction that has always worked in the past and I
            guess some people are hell bent on letting that go. I can’t
            for the life of me though think that still works for them. We
            all know that it’s the follow through that counts and not just
            the numbers.
            We need our readers to take action and only when they do can
            we follow up with them. Only when they do can we open that
            conversation and help them further. That’s what gets them
            interested enough to either keep on coming back or wanting to
            buy from us.
            I’ve been following a particular lady online Ryan who teaches
            about the law of attraction. She teaches it in a way though
            that most don’t and I guess that’s what I happen to love about
            her. It works because she’s been living it for the past 40
            some odd years. She basically says the same thing, just have
            fun with it. Stop obsessing over everything and put it out to
            the Universe what you want and then just get to work.
            Everything will fall into place as it should and she’s right.
            I’ve already in such a short time seen just that happen.
            I’m glad you dropped the numbers game too. I never really
            obsessed over that myself although I will say that I thought
            about it. I’m glad though that I didn’t take that particular
            stance and look at me now! 😉 Look at you now! Got to love it
            right!
            Thank you for your comment and I hope you’re enjoying your
            special day! Have a fabulous and fun week too!
            ~Adrienne
            [230]Reply
   30. [231]Mi Muba
       Twitter: [232]BAMoneyBlogger
       on February 8, 2016 at 12:39 PM
       Hi Adrienne
       First of all I highly appreciate your consistently firm resolve to
       help your readers that is reflected in your each post where you
       very generously offer your one-on-one counselling to those who are
       still confused how to do successful blogging in this era of
       dog-eats-dog competition.
       I remember quite vividly of my first content writing order that I
       got with a clear instruction how many times I must use a keyword in
       a 500-word post and how smartly I should equally use related
       keywords several times as well.
       But later on all of a sudden many things changed a lot and this was
       because of frequent Google updates that replaced the numbers with
       quality and most of the rules of offline publishing equally applied
       in online publishing. Since then it is quality that leads the rest
       of the criteria and that is why survivors are those now who are
       genuine and firmly believe in true professionalism.
       Many thanks for sharing yet another post of high value fully packed
       with your worthwhile experience of blogging as well as of corporate
       America.
       Have a great rest of the week.
       Mi Muba recently posted…[233]18 shameful reasons why influencers
       are not noticing you My Profile
       [234]Reply
          + [235]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [236]adriennesmith40
            on February 8, 2016 at 12:45 PM
            Hi Mi,
            My pleasure and I do love helping people figure things out but
            at the same time I enjoy getting to know others as well. You
            just feel more connected with someone after you’ve had a
            one-on-one conversation with them I think.
            Oh I remember those days and those lessons too. I had the
            hardest time doing that too but a lot of those articles were
            just horribly written. The numbers games are behind us now I
            believe and Google keeps updating their algorithms so that
            people aren’t going to settle for just any type of content
            anymore. That’s a good thing though in my opinion.
            I appreciate your comment and thanks for adding to this one as
            well Mi.
            You have a wonderful week as well.
            ~Adrienne
            [237]Reply
   31. [238]igor Griffiths
       Twitter: [239]igorgriffiths
       on February 8, 2016 at 12:31 PM
       Hello Adrienne, what a fantastic post to read as I return to
       Internet marketing, having put my adventure on hold for the last 4
       months whilst I attempt to resolve many issues. You are a great
       person to emulate when it comes to engagement.
       [240]Reply
          + [241]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [242]adriennesmith40
            on February 8, 2016 at 12:41 PM
            Hey stranger! Great to see you again Igor, it’s been ages.
            I hope that all is resolved and you’re raring to go this year.
            I’m sure you’ve had plenty of things going on but welcome back
            to blogging. I appreciate the compliment, thank you so much.
            You have a wonderful week okay!
            ~Adrienne
            [243]Reply
   32. [244]Enstine Muki
       Twitter: [245]enstinemuki
       on February 8, 2016 at 10:37 AM
       Hey Adrienne,
       You know in those days when most of us depended on Google Adsense,
       the more the traffic, the more we hoped for more money because we
       wanted just those clicks on Adsense ads.
       A lot has changed and many more ways to make money have come up.
       Unfortunately, things have become so complex that just those clicks
       on ads don’t make any reasonable earnings.
       Today, it’s about knowing people that like and resonate with what
       with share. That’s why your message is making a lot of sense.
       I have learned not just to rush after traffic. What’s important is
       the quality of it and how I take time to build a relationship.
       I’m one of those very excited bloggers have a growing community of
       real people who constantly like and share my content. Though I’m
       not at the submit yet, I’m constantly on the growing curve.
       Thanks a bunch for the constant value in your posts. I hope you
       have a wonderful week ahead
       Enstine Muki recently posted…[246]Website Security Warning ~
       Weekend Shock! 534 attacks in 24 hours! My Profile
       [247]Reply
          + [248]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [249]adriennesmith40
            on February 8, 2016 at 11:01 AM
            Hey Enstine,
            I remember those days when the more traffic you drove to your
            site the more clicks you would get and the possibility of
            making some decent money. Very few people though ever made a
            living from Adsense though and I still to this day find their
            ads SO annoying. But as you said, those days are dwindling and
            the earnings are as well so people need to take a step back
            and understand why.
            I’m glad this resonates with you and I know you have built up
            a pretty amazing community. For those that don’t buy directly
            from you they’re spreading the word about what you do and we
            both know that word-of-mouth marketing is the best type there
            is.
            I appreciate you sharing that Enstine, thanks so much. You
            have a wonderful week as well and I’ll do the same. 😉
            ~Adrienne
            [250]Reply
   33. [251]Brenda Pace
       Twitter: [252]Virtual_Bren
       on February 8, 2016 at 10:28 AM
       Hi Adrienne,
       Happy Monday! It’s amazing you talk about numbers. When I first
       started blogging, it was emphasized so much that numbers are
       better. However, my thought was numbers are great, however,
       wouldn’t engagement with your readers be better? I mean, if you’re
       engaging, your readers are interested in what you have to say or
       what product you may be selling. Traffic is good along as you can
       convert it, no?
       I’m glad to see your write about this as it is so important that
       bloggers, new and veteran, understand what really matters in the
       blogging business.
       I hope you’re having a great start to your week!
       Bren
       Brenda Pace recently posted…[253]How To Increase Your Content
       Shareability My Profile
       [254]Reply
          + [255]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [256]adriennesmith40
            on February 8, 2016 at 10:56 AM
            Hey Brenda,
            Happy Monday to you as well. I hope yours started off well.
            Sounds like you and I had similar thoughts about this. I drove
            the numbers to my site but back then it did work. Over time it
            didn’t because of this very thing. People were no longer as
            trusting and they wanted to make sure that they were taken
            care of. Well how do you intend to help them if you don’t
            interact with them right?
            If you blog then you better be having some conversations or
            you’ll never convert them over to do business with you. I’m
            not surprised at all young lady that you’re way ahead of the
            game. 😉
            Thank you Brenda and you have a wonderful week as well. Mine
            will be amazing.
            ~Adrienne
            [257]Reply
   34. [258]Matthew K. Loomis
       Twitter: [259]Buildurownblog
       on February 8, 2016 at 10:24 AM
       Hi Adrienne,
       How are you today? I see you’re off to a good start this week. :)
       Numbers are cold data. They’re important for sure. Traffic numbers
       give bloggers feedback on visits per month, unique visits, which is
       part of the equation.
       Those cold numbers stay cold though if we are do not have a warm
       heart and build relationships.
       Those numbers don’t convert if we are only focused on traffic.
       Numbers are fickle and can rise and fall by the thousands from
       month to month. If you confidence is married to those cold numbers,
       you will have a nervous breakdown.
       You lead by example here. You engage, build relationships, support
       others. Respond quickly. Keep your word. Build trust…the things we
       all need to do with those cold numbers to make them useful.
       This is a timely reminder and I’ll be sharing this, Adrienne.
       Have an awesome week, my friend.
       Keep shining,
       Matthew
       [260]Reply
          + [261]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [262]adriennesmith40
            on February 8, 2016 at 10:51 AM
            Hi Matthew,
            I’m doing pretty good this morning. My dog woke me up super
            early so I guess you could say I got a really early start. I’m
            got a full week too so it will be a great one. Hope you’re
            doing well today and excited about what this week will bring
            for you too!
            Thank you for sharing that and you’re right. Numbers are
            important, it’s how we gauge what we’re doing is working but
            it’s what we do with those numbers that really count. We are
            the only ones who know how our business is doing, no one else.
            We can’t keep moving forward if we aren’t converting those
            numbers into paying customers.
            We have to step it up, interact with our readers and start
            building those relationships. Without that those numbers will
            remain cold and that is NO fun at all Matthew.
            Thank you for the compliment, I appreciate that and for your
            comment as well.
            Appreciate you sharing my post and you have a wonderful week
            as well. I intend to do the same.
            ~Adrienne
            [263]Reply
   35. [264]Jasper Oldersom
       Twitter: [265]opportunityTM
       on February 8, 2016 at 10:07 AM
       Hey Adrienne,
       Google sure has changed A LOT these last few years.
       It’s so sad when some of those so called gooroo’s (yep, I spelled
       that wrong) keep on teaching things that aren’t effective anymore.
       It seems like they don’t want to guide people, they’re just out for
       the quick buck.
       Saying you have to get “traffic” is obviously way too abstract.
       Obviously, more eyeballs are more chances to make a sale, but
       targeted traffic is key. You’re so right.
       I think Jason’s view is interesting. I hope there’s going to be a
       middle road. I believe that people have taken more power now
       because of social media, and if companies start viewing every
       single social interaction turns into a conversion opportunity,
       people will respond accordingly.
       I think this is where Gary’s jab, jab, jab, right hook philosophy
       comes from and why he says “marketers ruin everything”.
       However, I totally agree with your view that instead of saying
       “thanks for sharing” (we might as well use automated tools then,
       right?) we could use those opportunities to create meaningful
       connections which will eventually turn into more sales.
       Of course, I’m not surprised that Beth had her share of aha moments
       after working with you. You’re just a fantastic coach and you know
       how to help others break through their most important issues.
       This was an awesome post and quite inspirational, too. I’m doing
       okay on the engagement side, but I know it’s time to take it to the
       next level, which means reaching out more proactively.
       It’s quite exciting how things keep on changing online, but
       engagement is like an anchor because, unless robots will take over
       the internet, we’re dealing with people.
       Have a great week ahead of you, my friend!
       – Jasper
       [266]Reply
          + [267]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [268]adriennesmith40
            on February 8, 2016 at 10:47 AM
            Hey Jasper,
            Boy has it ever and I do remember the days when this was so
            much easier. But those days are long gone…
            Unfortunately there are still plenty of people out there
            teaching the old ways of doing things. I mean if the person
            after that information was aware that it did need to be just
            targeted traffic then perhaps they could tweak things a bit
            but when you’re learning from a so called guru then you trust
            that what they’re sharing with you is right.
            I agree, I think what Jason is saying is spot on and it does
            start with the conversation. If more people took this time and
            did that then it would lead to more conversions. It doesn’t
            mean all of them will convert but I bet you’d get a heck of a
            lot more than ever before. People want to be heard, they want
            help or they wouldn’t be there in the first place.
            Gary is right, marketing does ruin a lot of things because so
            many people are all about just getting it in front of their
            audience. That’s great, we want them to see our content but
            then what! We could automate everything and something Ian
            Anderson Gray mentioned in a prediction he made is that a lot
            of these artificial intelligence machines they have today will
            be making those replies instead of a real person. They won’t
            however be able to carry on a real conversation and people
            will start figuring that out which could end up being a total
            disaster but I’m thinking they just want to get the
            conversation started because that’s the direction we have to
            go.
            I appreciate that Jasper, thank you and Beth is a real
            pleasure to work with too. I love those who are enthusiastic
            and eager to learn. They all want to do better and you’re on
            that list too my friend. 😉
            Bravo, I know you’ll do well. You’re a great guy, very
            personable yet very knowledgeable with what you do. People
            just need to talk with you to know that you’re the one they
            want to work with.
            Engagement is what will lead to that next step and there will
            be some robots stepping up but they’ll never be able to take
            our place. If they do I hope I’m no longer around to see it.
            Thanks Jasper and you have a great week too.
            Dropped by the blog and I see you’ve done some work on it.
            I’ll be by soon to really check it over more.
            ~Adrienne
            [269]Reply
   36. [270]Elise
       Twitter: [271]elisem0reau
       on February 8, 2016 at 9:53 AM
       Hi Adrienne,
       Such a great point you made here. Even when some of us sort of
       *know* this to be true, it’s so good to be reminded of it once in a
       while. Why? because it’s SO EASY to start obsessing over numbers
       again! lol
       I’ve been covering web trends for Aboutcom for five years now, and
       because it’s such a massive site that has a lot of authority with
       Google, we’ve always been all about the big numbers (a.k.a. the
       page views). Every writer who covers a topic there gets loads of
       page views, but do people stick around? Not really. I mean, there’s
       been some slow improvement with it, but engagement has always been
       a big issue site-wide with About and now we can’t afford to ignore
       it because Google is starting to use these types of metrics in its
       rankings. Big changes are come for to the site this year, and while
       I’m excited, I’m also a bit terrified that it’s kind of too little,
       too late. I have a lot of faith in the super talented team we have
       working on SEO and social and design and everything, but the
       internet changes so fast these days and About has always been
       several steps behind. I’m hoping this is the year we can turn it
       around and get back up to speed with where we should be for 2016
       and beyond. But, you know, we can’t just start pretending to be
       BuzzFeed to do all that. 😛
       Thanks for the great article and reminder, Adrienne!
       Elise
       [272]Reply
          + [273]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [274]adriennesmith40
            on February 8, 2016 at 10:11 AM
            Hey there Elise,
            I know that if you visit a blog and check out their traffic
            stats that when those numbers are high that’s very impressive.
            We’re jealous at times and wonder how they do it. In the past
            we always thought that they were just instantly successful
            because of that. Wrong!!!
            Bingo, you’re great proof of this… Google can’t ignore it any
            longer and that’s why when they started ranking social
            comments people were like excited. When people are sharing
            posts and conversing a lot you can’t ignore that. The numbers
            are impressive and that’s great. Your content still might be
            found in Google but numbers don’t convert, people do.
            I’m super excited that About.com is realizing this as well. I
            go to that site a lot for the how to information but it’s
            geared toward the “do it yourselfers” as well. I hope that
            they can turn things around and start getting more people to
            converse and take action. Hang in there though girl, you might
            be a part of something that will show others just how
            important this is and that they saw this and started doing
            something about it now. No time like the present so they don’t
            get left in the dust.
            Thank so much for sharing that Elise, I so appreciate that and
            you have a great week my dear. My pleasure!
            ~Adrienne
            [275]Reply
   37. [276]Sylviane Nuccio
       Twitter: [277]sylviane nuccio
       on February 8, 2016 at 9:40 AM
       Hi Adrienne,
       I can’t believe that some people out there would still teach that
       general traffic is what we should be looking for. Traffic and
       specific traffic that brings business – money into our pocket – are
       two different things.
       It’s been so long that I don’t even bother looking at my Alexa
       ranking, because I just don’t care at all anymore.
       For me is focusing more on my specific client types that made a
       difference. By the way, I didn’t even announced it on my blog, but
       I now will blog only once a week now, because I’m getting too busy
       to be able to blog more, because I’m getting more business :) So,
       yes focusing on specific traffic, does work.
       Thank you for making all this very clear for those who are still
       taught lies or who don’t know yet.
       ~Sylviane
       Sylviane Nuccio recently posted…[278]How To Be A Thriving Single
       Mom Financially My Profile
       [279]Reply
          + [280]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [281]adriennesmith40
            on February 8, 2016 at 9:56 AM
            Hi Sylviane,
            There are SO many posts out there teaching people how to drive
            traffic to their blogs. They don’t teach them how to drive
            targeted traffic though. They’re still teaching that numbers
            matter and it’s a numbers game. The more people you drive then
            a few of them will want what you have. We both know how well
            that works don’t we!
            I never really cared about my Alexa rank because I wasn’t
            interested in getting advertisers to my blog. I think for
            those who are wanting that type of business platform them they
            might matter. Might that is because it’s still not targeted.
            Back in 2011 when I had my other blog and I was promoting a
            particular product I had gotten my Alexa rank to 150,000 for a
            four month old blog. People wanted to know how to do that then
            sell products. I couldn’t believe it!
            Amen to that, and as you very well know that’s exactly what
            I’ve been doing as well. So you’re going down to once a week
            as well. I know how that is Sylviane, the busier you get the
            less time you have to write a lot because it’s the promotion
            that we have to do as well. I have a feeling I know which
            niche you’ll be highlighting and I’m so happy that you have
            much more business these days.
            My pleasure and as the years progress we need to step it up
            and make those important connections. You get it my dear! 😉
            Thank you for your comment and have a great week. I’ll talk to
            you on Friday.
            ~Adrienne
            [282]Reply
               o [283]Sylviane Nuccio
                 Twitter: [284]sylviane nuccio
                 on February 16, 2016 at 9:32 AM
                 Indeed, that’s not the first post I read for sure. I was
                 trying to find that post, but can’t put my hand in
                 September 2011.
                 If I remember well, the image was a drawing of someone
                 going through a door (or something like that). Now I may
                 be wrong on the month, but September is what rings in my
                 head.
                 Anyhow, yes, that was the around the time I met you :)
                 Sylviane Nuccio recently posted…[285]5 Wrong Criteria to
                 Find the Right Writer For Your Business My Profile
                 [286]Reply
                    # [287]Adrienne Smith
                      Twitter: [288]adriennesmith40
                      on February 16, 2016 at 2:16 PM
                      Hey Sylviane,
                      I think that’s the post after that because I checked
                      and it’s a person walking through a door. That’s
                      still a long time ago though, 2011 but I’m
                      definitely glad we met my friend. 😉
                      Thanks Sylviane.
                      ~Adrienne
                      [289]Reply
   38. [290]Robin Strohmaier
       Twitter: [291]rrwebdesign.com
       on February 8, 2016 at 9:35 AM
       Hi Adrienne,
       First, your branded graphics are amazing!
       Yes, I do remember the days when Page Rank, how many unique
       visitors you had coming to your blog, and how many page views you
       were getting were what mattered. You are absolutely right. It is
       the engagement that now matters the most and what we do with that
       engagement – not the traffic numbers. Having those one-on-one
       conversations with someone is golden.
       Thank you for another value-packed post! I will be sharing this :)
       Have a wonderful week, my friend!
       Robin Strohmaier recently posted…[292]Top Social Media Trends to
       Skyrocket Your Business in 2016 My Profile
       [293]Reply
          + [294]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [295]adriennesmith40
            on February 8, 2016 at 9:42 AM
            Hi Robin,
            Thank you, I finally figured out what I wanted and although
            I’m a month or so late in getting this all in place it’s
            better late than never. :-)
            You know right! You know that numbers are great but not when
            they aren’t converting. I remember being told to get thousands
            of followers on Twitter because those numbers matter but they
            really didn’t because those people were just wanting numbers
            too. People do the same things with their blogs. It’s
            impressive if you have high numbers. Yeah, only if they’re
            converting is that impressive but let’s face it, they’re not.
            You need that one-on-one conversation with those visiting your
            site or you’ll continue to shake your head wondering what the
            heck is going on.
            Thank you Robin for your comment and I KNOW you get it my
            dear. Oh and I appreciate you sharing my post too, thank you
            so much.
            Have a wonderful week as well and I’ll do the same.
            ~Adrienne
            [296]Reply
   39. [297]Dee Ann Rice
       Twitter: [298]deeannrice
       on February 8, 2016 at 9:31 AM
       Adrienne,
       It really is all about talking to an individual person and not the
       numbers. This way every person who comes to your blog feels like
       you are talking to them. If they have the problem you are
       addressing they will feel like you have the solution to their
       problem.
       It is great that Beth has been able to have the “aha moments”
       though working with you. I am sure she has felt like you were
       writing your blog posts just for her in her situation right from
       the start and you were. You also have the solution to her blogging
       problems.
       Numbers are great as a tracking device but the numbers are no good
       if there is no interaction on your blog.
       I think it has taken us a long time to really see just what is
       needed for a successful blog but through coaches like you we are
       able to have our eyes opened more and our blogs are more
       successful.
       Great post and information.
       Dee Ann
       Dee Ann Rice recently posted…[299]Reasons To Hire A Coach My
       Profile
       [300]Reply
          + [301]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [302]adriennesmith40
            on February 8, 2016 at 9:38 AM
            Hi Dee Ann,
            The funny thing about this particular prediction is that I was
            never impressed that much by the numbers because I’ve always
            known how to drive traffic to my blog. Those numbers are in
            the thousands but it’s those that actually take action that
            really count. We’ve both been there right!
            So once they take action it’s up to us to continue that
            conversation and a lot of people are just happy that they’ve
            been getting comments. I agree with them, it’s exciting and
            kind of rewarding at the same time but you want them to take
            that next step and hopefully become your client and/or
            customer. Of course not all will but with that friendship that
            you can form they’ll go tell others about you. That’s the
            beauty of this so if people aren’t building those
            relationships now then they’re going to be hurting later on.
            Beth had that aha moment and I’m so glad I was able to help
            her as well. She’s on the right track now and I’m so thrilled
            for her.
            Thank you Dee Ann for your comment and I appreciate your
            visit. You have a great week okay!
            ~Adrienne
            [303]Reply
   40. Yusuff Busayo on February 8, 2016 at 9:02 AM
       Hi, Adrienne,
       Trust me, Adrienne, with so much to learn and the ever changing
       trend in blogging, it’s a miracle truckloads of us are still
       committed to this anyway. But the good thing about it, like James
       McAllister once pointed out in his post, is to figure this out: why
       do you blog? Why do get your bum up everyday, park it before some
       laptop to crank out texts that would most likely not be read a
       fraction of 2000 people?
       Why?
       Because you love to do it? Because it’s all about the money?
       Because you want to be the next Seth Godin?
       Truth is, overtime, your true “why” begins to show, and it helps
       you to hold on or fizzle. So I’ve found the strongest “why” that
       would keep a blogger going is the one that’s centered around
       reaching out to people, adding tremendous value to them, connecting
       like “what in the world”, and of course, you’ve got to make money
       blogging, too, or you’ll soon be frustrated out of it.
       So, yes, this is what we ought to be doing from the onset:
       deepening connection with the targeted visitors. And I just love
       that you have a done great justice to this topic.
       My question though is, Adrienne, do you think this trend would take
       a different turn? How soon? And how should we be prepared for it?
       – Yusuff Busayo
       PS: This post has inspired a nice idea. Thanks for the tip
       [304]Reply
          + [305]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [306]adriennesmith40
            on February 8, 2016 at 9:32 AM
            Hi Yusuff,
            People blog for so many different reasons. For the budding
            entrepreneurs though they are here building their businesses.
            So blogging for them is of course trying to get their content
            in front of as many of the right people as possible so that
            they’ll want to take action and hopefully that will start by
            either commenting on their posts or emailing the author.
            Either way when you are in business for yourself it’s crucial
            to make those connections because those are the people who
            will either buy from you or support what you do. Building a
            community is SO important because we all need support, we all
            need those people who are there to help spread the word about
            us.
            I’m not sure what you mean by will this trend take a different
            turn! Numbers are important but only when they are the right
            audience. People are more impressed when they come to a blog
            and see actual conversations taking place. Sure, the social
            shares are great because it means people like your content and
            are sharing it too but it gives people a certain sense that
            you know what you’re talking about. That will help make that
            connection to the next step even easier because the trust
            factor is already starting to build.
            Hope that helped somewhat Yusuff and I’m sure you’ll be back
            to respond to my question. So until then you have a good one
            okay!
            Glad this post inspired you and don’t you love nice ideas? 😉
            ~Adrienne
            [307]Reply
   41. Brendan Alan Barrett on February 8, 2016 at 8:42 AM
       Hi Adrienne,
       Great post!
       It’s funny to think that people can forget how important
       relationships are.
       If you’re goal is trying to move product in digitally,you still
       need to build rapport and establish credibility.
       Content, as a marketing tool, can help establish credibility, but
       only through customized messages and one-on-one interactions can
       you build rapport.
       There is no substitute but there are a plethora of ways to
       facilitate this type of communication digitally.
       Keep Media Social!
       -Brendan
       [308]Reply
          + [309]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [310]adriennesmith40
            on February 8, 2016 at 9:23 AM
            Hey Brendan,
            Thanks for the visit, great to see you.
            If you have an eCommerce site then this may not actually
            relate to those people but if you’re using your blog as a
            marketing tool to get the word across about your business then
            you better start making those connections. People want to do
            business with those they can trust and it helps to build up a
            relationship with them first. Most of the people online today
            are doing some type of consulting business, freelance,
            promoting their own products, etc. Just having that community
            support you and help spread the word about you and what you do
            is huge. People aren’t as trusting as they used to be so I
            would only hope that everyone is making those connections.
            Appreciate your comment, thanks for the visit and have a
            splendid week.
            ~Adrienne
            [311]Reply
   42. [312]Chery Schmidt
       Twitter: [313]cheryschmidt
       on February 8, 2016 at 8:36 AM
       Good Morning Adrienne, Goodness I do feel as though you are talking
       directly to me this morning LOL Your title is oh so true.. Every
       Entrepreneur That Blogs Regrets Not Doing This Sooner…. We all want
       everything like yesterday HUH?
       As you, I also visit quite a few blogs each week and I am amazed
       when I see all these comments and then no one responding to them!
       That is just plain crazy! Why even blog? This is part of the
       process Right?
       I also get surprised when I cannot find an email or a contact page.
       That is just to strange.
       Great article once again, you always get me thinking my friend…
       Thanks and do have yourself an Amazing New Week Ahead.
       Chery :))
       Chery Schmidt recently posted…[314]Can You Still Make Money Online
       With e-Commerce? My Profile
       [315]Reply
          + [316]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [317]adriennesmith40
            on February 8, 2016 at 9:12 AM
            Good morning Chery!
            Are you home? I know you had fun, that’s a given despite that
            darn weather too.
            I’m talking to you? We all have regrets in some areas I’m
            sure, boy did I have a bunch myself. You have a great
            community over at your place though and my heart goes out to
            those people who still just don’t get it. I oftentimes just
            wonder how they’re doing with their businesses. Not responding
            to comments when people are voicing their opinions and
            thoughts, what’s wrong with them! I know that blogging is
            great for search engine traffic but that traffic must really
            be converting well for them to ignore the people who are there
            for a specific reason. I just find that very odd.
            That’s even worse, I agree. No way to even contact that
            person, why right!
            Thank you my dear and I always appreciate your visit. I’m glad
            I got you to thinking and I have something else I wanted to
            chat with you about so I’ll be emailing you today. Be on the
            lookout! 😉
            Have a great week too, I know you will.
            ~Adrienne
            [318]Reply
   43. [319]Andrew M. Warner
       Twitter: [320]Copywarner
       on February 8, 2016 at 8:31 AM
       Hey Adrienne,
       Great post here.
       It truly is all about engagement and that’s something that I’ve
       noticed a long time ago. One thing that I know I have to do for
       myself is engage a lot more than I am currently doing. Meaning
       being active on the necessary channels and solidifying those
       relationships.
       Because you’re right.
       It’s no longer about numbers. It’s about targeted numbers. Took me
       a while to figure that out too but I did.
       And if you’re targeting that targeted audience, you need to make
       sure your content is targeted and speaks to them. You’ve done a
       amazing transformation on that regard and I’m trying to do the
       same.
       Great stuff here, Adrienne.
       Hope you have a great rest of the day and week.
       – Andrew
       [321]Reply
          + [322]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [323]adriennesmith40
            on February 8, 2016 at 9:08 AM
            Hi Andrew,
            Thank you, I appreciate that.
            As with all predictions and trends that come out, just like
            with blog commenting and blogging being dead, those are just
            things that people think may or may not happen. I understand
            that people do like to comment and share their thoughts but
            their predictions are that they’ll do them other places than
            our blogs. That may or may not be true for a lot of people but
            the key point here is that there are conversations taking
            place and we need to be sure we’re having them as well.
            When people do come to our blogs it’s of course up to us to
            grab their attention with our awesome content, make them feel
            welcome, solve the problem which is why they stopped by, but
            also make an honest connection with them. Sure, it might not
            be the first time or the second but I would hope that it
            would. We need to be sure that we’re taking this conversation
            elsewhere as well but it does start on our blogs. It’s about
            community and that’s something I’ve been saying for years.
            It’s just becoming much more evident as time goes by and of
            course you’re very aware of this as well.
            I miss you Andrew, blogging that is. I so appreciate you
            stopping by and commenting of course but I’m eager to see what
            you do with your blog and the direction that you head. I know
            it will be awesome my friend. I’m here if you need any advice.
            😉
            Thank you so much and you enjoy the rest of your day as well
            as your week. I intend to do the same.
            ~Adrienne
            [324]Reply
   44. [325]Don Purdum
       Twitter: [326]donpurdum
       on February 8, 2016 at 8:26 AM
       Hi Adrienne,
       AS we know, numbers aren’t everything. Are they?
       I just met a highly successful entrepreneur who is driving mega
       traffic to his site. The problem is no one is filing out the forms,
       calling or coming to his place of business saying they were on his
       site.
       The problem was he is driving all the wrong traffic.
       His message is non-existent and he’s just screaming “buy me” and of
       course they are not.
       Now he’s working on identifying what business he is “really” in and
       is focusing specifically on the problems he’s passionate about
       solving so that he focus on driving the “right” traffic to his
       website.
       Personally, I just got approved for syndication on
       business2community.com and The Huffington Post. I’m also working on
       Entrepreneur.com, Forbes.com and Business.com.
       All highly targeted, relevant websites.
       While I want a lot of traffic, I want the right targeted traffic
       and it’s our message that ultimately delivers that.
       Thanks for sharing your ideas around this extremely important
       issue.
       I look forward to our time together on Friday Adrienne!!!
       In the meantime, I hope you have an awesome week.
       ~ Don Purdum
       Don Purdum recently posted…[327]How to Discover Passion, Influence
       People and Increase Sales My Profile
       [328]Reply
          + [329]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [330]adriennesmith40
            on February 8, 2016 at 9:01 AM
            Hey Don,
            Well we know you’re the king of helping people clarify their
            message which of course I did mention needs to be in place as
            well.
            Driving traffic to your site is all great but if it’s not the
            right kind then that’s never a good thing. So that should be
            the focus for everyone but assuming that’s the case and you’ve
            got them coming to your site, what are you doing with them.
            That was really what I was trying to get across.
            I’m glad you’re working toward getting in front of more larger
            audiences and I have no doubt that those who need what you
            offer will be stopping by. I know that you offer free
            consulting as well and you’re very conversational in your
            comments so I know you take those conversations a step
            further. You’re definitely not one of those people who need
            this advice.
            Thank you for your comment and I look forward to chatting more
            with you on Friday. You have an awesome week as well and I’ll
            be sure to do the same, thanks.
            ~Adrienne
            [331]Reply
   45. [332]Harleena Singh
       Twitter: [333]harleenas
       on February 8, 2016 at 8:12 AM
       Hi Adrienne,
       Happy Monday :)
       Wonderful post indeed, and you are so right about all that you
       mentioned. It is people we write for, so connecting with them to
       build our relationship further is the only way that really works in
       the blogosphere.
       Yes, we all need traffic and page views, but those come secondary
       as they build your numbers and ranks – but it’s the real people
       that build your community, just as you have here. Sadly, many look
       at these numbers to make their own judgement, and to each their
       own, as we are no one to judge, but then one sticks to just numbers
       and ranks, and nothing more. As you mentioned, it’s now after so
       many years that you are seeing the real progress, and all of this
       is not connected with the numbers, but with the target audience you
       tap, isn’t it?
       Thanks for sharing. Have a nice week ahead :)
       BTW – I’m noticing and loving the blue colored images – after the
       branding post, is it? Looks wonderful indeed :)
       Harleena Singh recently posted…[334]Uncommon Ways to Save on Car
       Insurance My Profile
       [335]Reply
          + [336]Adrienne Smith
            Twitter: [337]adriennesmith40
            on February 8, 2016 at 8:24 AM
            Hi Harleena,
            Happy Monday to you as well and I hope you’ve had a wonderful
            day so far.
            Numbers are awesome if you’re getting your desired results
            from them. You’ll never get them from everyone but if the
            majority of the traffic that hits your site is taking the
            action you wanted then you should brag. Lets face it though,
            99.9% of those people aren’t getting those results. That’s
            what we were taught though. There are more and more people
            coming online today so we have to stand out, grab their
            attention and make a difference. We have to make that personal
            connection with them and start that relationship. If people
            aren’t doing this now then they’re going to be behind. We all
            need to step this up because that’s the way to build your
            business.
            I always appreciate your comment Harleena, thank you so much
            for stopping by today.
            Yes, I’ve been trying to decide how to “brand” my images and I
            worked on that this weekend and found what I love so I’ve
            redone all the images from the first of the year and will be
            consistent moving forward. Thank you, glad you like them. It’s
            only taken me forever to make up my darn mind. LOL!!
            You have a wonderful week now.
            ~Adrienne
            [338]Reply

Submit a Comment [339]Cancel reply

   Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

   Comment
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________

   Name * ______________________________

   Email * ______________________________

   Website ______________________________

   twitter (@username) ______________________________

   Submit Comment

   you MUST enable javascript to be able to comment
   [X] [340]CommentLuv badge Show more posts

   [ ] Notify me of ALL followup comments via e-mail.
     * [341]Facebook
     * [342]Twitter
     * [343]Google

   Copyright © 2016 AdrienneSmith.net

References

   Visible links
   1. http://www.adriennesmith.net/feed/
   2. http://www.adriennesmith.net/comments/feed/
   3. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/feed/
   4. http://www.adriennesmith.net/3-reasons-blog-commenting-important/
   5. http://www.adriennesmith.net/how-to-audience-buy-you/
   6. http://www.adriennesmith.net/wp-json/oembed/1.0/embed?url=http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/
   7. http://www.adriennesmith.net/wp-json/oembed/1.0/embed?url=http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/&format=xml
   8. http://www.adriennesmith.net/
   9. http://www.adriennesmith.net/blog/
  10. http://www.adriennesmith.net/start-here/
  11. http://www.adriennesmith.net/about/
  12. http://www.adriennesmith.net/hire-adrienne-2/
  13. http://www.adriennesmith.net/contact-me/
  14. http://www.adriennesmith.net/author/enosihtsseugrevenlliwuoy/
  15. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/#respond
  16. http://www.adriennesmith.net/how-to-write-content-guarantee-results/
  17. https://twitter.com/share?text=Don't+be+afraid+of+change.+It's+leading+you+to+a+new+beginning.&url=http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=SocialWarfare&via=adriennesmith40
  18. http://buildblogcommunity.com/
  19. http://buildblogcommunity.com/
  20. http://blog.eonetwork.org/2016/01/jasons-2016-prediction-converting-online-traffic-to-increased-sales/
  21. http://www.adriennesmith.net/free-consultation/
  22. https://twitter.com/share?text='Most+are+all+about+the+number's,+you+should+be+all+about+the+relationships!'+~+Adrienne+Smith&url=http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=SocialWarfare&via=adriennesmith40
  23. http://www.adriennesmith.net/free-consultation/
  24. https://twitter.com/share?original_referer=/&text=Every+Entrepreneur+That+Blogs+Regrets+Not+Doing+This+Sooner+http://bit.ly/entregrets+#blogengage+#blogtips&url=/&via=adriennesmith40
  25. https://plus.google.com/share?url=http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?utm_source=googlePlus&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=SocialWarfare
  26. http://www.facebook.com/share.php?u=http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=SocialWarfare
  27. https://www.linkedin.com/cws/share?url=http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?utm_source=linkedIn&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=SocialWarfare
  28. http://brentjonesonline.com/
  29. http://twitter.com/brentjonline
  30. http://brentjonesonline.com/blog/interviews/build-a-referral-based-business-with-maddy-osman/
  31. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66670#respond
  32. http://adriennesmith.net/
  33. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
  34. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66672#respond
  35. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66662#respond
  36. http://adriennesmith.net/
  37. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
  38. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66663#respond
  39. http://JoyHealey.com/
  40. http://twitter.com/joyjoyhealey.com
  41. http://joyhealey.com/wordpress-security-services/
  42. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66659#respond
  43. http://adriennesmith.net/
  44. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
  45. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66661#respond
  46. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66658#respond
  47. http://adriennesmith.net/
  48. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
  49. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66660#respond
  50. http://www.reachoutsid.com/
  51. http://twitter.com/siddu_t
  52. http://www.reachoutsid.com/leadpages-vs-thrive-landing-pages/
  53. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66648#respond
  54. http://adriennesmith.net/
  55. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
  56. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66653#respond
  57. http://www.freedomwithsue.com/
  58. http://twitter.com/suejprice
  59. http://www.freedomwithsue.com/how-can-the-benefits-of-meditation-help-you/
  60. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66645#respond
  61. http://adriennesmith.net/
  62. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
  63. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66652#respond
  64. http://cybernaira.com/
  65. http://twitter.com/Cybernaira
  66. http://cybernaira.com/2016/ninja-outreach/
  67. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66638#respond
  68. http://adriennesmith.net/
  69. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
  70. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66640#respond
  71. http://peterbeckenham.com/
  72. http://twitter.com/villagemarketer
  73. http://peterbeckenham.com/8-ways-create-enthusiastic-blog-readers/
  74. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66634#respond
  75. http://adriennesmith.net/
  76. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
  77. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66637#respond
  78. http://iluvuindia.com/
  79. http://twitter.com/Vee Ric
  80. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66643#respond
  81. http://adriennesmith.net/
  82. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
  83. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66651#respond
  84. http://iluvuindia.com/
  85. http://twitter.com/Vee Ric
  86. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66656#respond
  87. http://www.dedicated2life.com/
  88. http://twitter.com/IrishCarter1
  89. http://dedicated2life.com/free-bookmarks-to-motivate-you/
  90. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66632#respond
  91. http://adriennesmith.net/
  92. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
  93. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66636#respond
  94. http://www.ttmitchellconsulting.com/Mitchblog
  95. http://twitter.com/mitch_m
  96. http://www.ttmitchellconsulting.com/Mitchblog/change-is-only-good-if-the-outcome-is-improvement/
  97. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66631#respond
  98. http://adriennesmith.net/
  99. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 100. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66635#respond
 101. http://yourchicgeek.com/
 102. http://twitter.com/yourchicgeek81
 103. http://yourchicgeek.com/look-more-professional-on-social-media/
 104. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66627#respond
 105. http://adriennesmith.net/
 106. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 107. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66628#respond
 108. http://yourchicgeek.com/
 109. http://twitter.com/yourchicgeek81
 110. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66629#respond
 111. http://adriennesmith.net/
 112. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 113. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66630#respond
 114. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66624#respond
 115. http://adriennesmith.net/
 116. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 117. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66626#respond
 118. http://www.shermansmithblog.com/
 119. http://twitter.com/sks_success75
 120. http://www.shermansmithblog.com/3-elements-save-time/
 121. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66623#respond
 122. http://adriennesmith.net/
 123. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 124. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66625#respond
 125. http://www.awazieikechi.com/
 126. http://twitter.com/Ikechi Awazie
 127. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66621#respond
 128. http://adriennesmith.net/
 129. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 130. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66622#respond
 131. http://www.successwithjoan.com/
 132. http://twitter.com/joantruesuccess
 133. http://www.successwithjoan.com/ecom-subscription-pro-review/
 134. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66619#respond
 135. http://adriennesmith.net/
 136. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 137. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66620#respond
 138. http://wonderoftech.com/
 139. http://twitter.com/wonderoftech
 140. http://www.wonderoftech.com/facebook-friends-day/
 141. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66616#respond
 142. http://adriennesmith.net/
 143. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 144. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66618#respond
 145. http://trafficsmartmarketing.com/
 146. http://twitter.com/CopyByTom
 147. http://trafficsmartmarketing.com/still-struggling-to-find-your-niche-heres-why/
 148. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66614#respond
 149. http://adriennesmith.net/
 150. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 151. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66615#respond
 152. http://alwaysthinkyoucan.com/
 153. http://twitter.com/jocrosswriter
 154. http://alwaysthinkyoucan.com/2016/01/go-outdoors/
 155. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66610#respond
 156. http://donnamerrilltribe.com/
 157. http://twitter.com/donna_tribe
 158. http://donnamerrilltribe.com/2016/02/its-the-little-things-that-big-dreams-are-made-of/
 159. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66605#respond
 160. http://adriennesmith.net/
 161. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 162. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66613#respond
 163. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66604#respond
 164. http://adriennesmith.net/
 165. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 166. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66612#respond
 167. http://persuasionpursuit.com/
 168. http://twitter.com/kim_willis
 169. http://persuasionpursuit.com/8-ways-to-convert-uncommitted-lookers-into-hot-prospects/
 170. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66603#respond
 171. http://adriennesmith.net/
 172. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 173. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66611#respond
 174. http://monnaellithorpe.com/
 175. http://twitter.com/msellithorpe
 176. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66602#respond
 177. http://adriennesmith.net/
 178. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 179. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66609#respond
 180. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66601#respond
 181. http://adriennesmith.net/
 182. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 183. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66608#respond
 184. http://HelpStartMySite.com/
 185. http://twitter.com/HelpStartMySite
 186. http://helpstartmysite.com/bloggers-purpose-reasons-social-media/
 187. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66597#respond
 188. http://adriennesmith.net/
 189. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 190. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66600#respond
 191. http://www.leadingedgeadvocate.com/
 192. http://twitter.com/leadingedgeadv
 193. http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/leadingedgeadvocate/yihH/~3/NWE7dXv_XMY/
 194. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66596#respond
 195. http://adriennesmith.net/
 196. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 197. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66599#respond
 198. http://www.youcanmarketonlinenow.com/
 199. http://twitter.com/coach2coachguy
 200. http://www.youcanmarketonlinenow.com/why-extremely-savvy-entrepreneurs-definitely-need-to-what-it-cost-to-acquire-a-customer/
 201. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66595#respond
 202. http://adriennesmith.net/
 203. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 204. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66598#respond
 205. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66589#respond
 206. http://adriennesmith.net/
 207. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 208. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66593#respond
 209. http://iammyimagination.com/
 210. http://twitter.com/mrsdeegee
 211. http://iammyimagination.com/personal-development-why-losing-my-job-saved-my-life/
 212. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66587#respond
 213. http://adriennesmith.net/
 214. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 215. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66588#respond
 216. http://enstinemuki.com/
 217. http://twitter.com/enstinemuki
 218. http://enstinemuki.com/free-targeted-traffic-source/
 219. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66590#respond
 220. http://iammyimagination.com/
 221. http://twitter.com/mrsdeegee
 222. http://iammyimagination.com/personal-development-why-losing-my-job-saved-my-life/
 223. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66591#respond
 224. http://www.bloggingfromparadise.com/
 225. http://twitter.com/RyanBiddulph
 226. http://www.bloggingfromparadise.com/ebook-blogging-criticism/
 227. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66585#respond
 228. http://adriennesmith.net/
 229. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 230. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66586#respond
 231. http://www.beamoneyblogger.com/
 232. http://twitter.com/BAMoneyBlogger
 233. http://beamoneyblogger.com/18-shameful-reasons-why-influencers-are-not-noticing-you/
 234. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66582#respond
 235. http://adriennesmith.net/
 236. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 237. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66584#respond
 238. http://igorgriffiths.com/
 239. http://twitter.com/igorgriffiths
 240. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66580#respond
 241. http://adriennesmith.net/
 242. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 243. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66583#respond
 244. http://enstinemuki.com/
 245. http://twitter.com/enstinemuki
 246. http://enstinemuki.com/cloudflare-website-security-warning/
 247. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66569#respond
 248. http://adriennesmith.net/
 249. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 250. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66573#respond
 251. http://www.brendapace.net/news/
 252. http://twitter.com/Virtual_Bren
 253. http://www.brendapace.net/2016/02/how-to-increase-your-content-shareability/
 254. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66568#respond
 255. http://adriennesmith.net/
 256. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 257. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66572#respond
 258. http://www.buildyourownblog.net/blog/
 259. http://twitter.com/Buildurownblog
 260. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66567#respond
 261. http://adriennesmith.net/
 262. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 263. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66571#respond
 264. http://opportunitybuilding.com/blog/
 265. http://twitter.com/opportunityTM
 266. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66565#respond
 267. http://adriennesmith.net/
 268. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 269. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66570#respond
 270. http://elisemoreau.com/blog/
 271. http://twitter.com/elisem0reau
 272. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66563#respond
 273. http://adriennesmith.net/
 274. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 275. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66566#respond
 276. http://sylvianenuccio.com/
 277. http://twitter.com/sylviane nuccio
 278. http://www.sylvianenuccio.com/be-thriving-single-mom-financially/
 279. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66561#respond
 280. http://adriennesmith.net/
 281. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 282. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66564#respond
 283. http://sylvianenuccio.com/
 284. http://twitter.com/sylviane nuccio
 285. http://www.sylvianenuccio.com/5-wrong-criteria-to-find-right-writer-for-your-business/
 286. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66721#respond
 287. http://adriennesmith.net/
 288. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 289. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66725#respond
 290. http://r-rwebdesign.com/blog
 291. http://twitter.com/rrwebdesign.com
 292. https://r-rwebdesign.com/top-social-media-trends-2016
 293. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66559#respond
 294. http://adriennesmith.net/
 295. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 296. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66562#respond
 297. http://deeannrice.com/
 298. http://twitter.com/deeannrice
 299. http://deeannrice.com/reasons-to-hire-a-coach/
 300. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66557#respond
 301. http://adriennesmith.net/
 302. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 303. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66560#respond
 304. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66552#respond
 305. http://adriennesmith.net/
 306. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 307. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66558#respond
 308. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66550#respond
 309. http://adriennesmith.net/
 310. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 311. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66556#respond
 312. http://successcoach.chery-schmidt.ws/
 313. http://twitter.com/cheryschmidt
 314. http://successcoach.chery-schmidt.ws/money-online-ecommerce/
 315. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66549#respond
 316. http://adriennesmith.net/
 317. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 318. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66555#respond
 319. http://www.shadeofinfo.com/
 320. http://twitter.com/Copywarner
 321. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66548#respond
 322. http://adriennesmith.net/
 323. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 324. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66554#respond
 325. http://www.unveiltheweb.com/articles
 326. http://twitter.com/donpurdum
 327. http://www.unveiltheweb.com/articles/how-to-discover-passion-influence-people-and-increase-sales/
 328. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66547#respond
 329. http://adriennesmith.net/
 330. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 331. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66551#respond
 332. http://www.aha-now.com/
 333. http://twitter.com/harleenas
 334. http://www.aha-now.com/save-on-car-insurance/
 335. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66545#respond
 336. http://adriennesmith.net/
 337. http://twitter.com/adriennesmith40
 338. http://www.adriennesmith.net/entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/?replytocom=66546#respond
 339. file:///entrepreneur-blogs-regrets-this/#respond
 340. http://adriennesmith.net/recommends/commentluvp.php
 341. http://www.facebook.com/adriennesmith40
 342. http://twitter.com/AdrienneSmith40
 343. http://www.google.com/+AdrienneSmith

   Hidden links:
 345. http://www.adriennesmith.net/
